After receiving vaccines pt had rash to face, neck and shoulders.
Immediately after administering MMR and DTAP vaccine patient broke out in very small hives under both eyes and along sides of his face. He later had some swelling around his eyes and complained of itchy eyes 2 doses of BENADRYL given and oral steroid given and prescribed.
Pt states he woke up and noticed his right arm swollen twice in size and that injection site was warm. Pt also reported to be nauseous and has body aches.
Excessive sleepiness. She slept for 11 hours which is very usual for her.
This spontaneous report as received via Poison and Drug Center from a pharmacist refers to a female patient of unknown age. The patient's relevant medical history and past drug history were unknown. The pharmacist reported that on 01-JAN-2015, she administered an expired dose of M-M-R II subcutaneously at a dose of 0.5 ml because she needed a 2nd dose a couple of months ahead of time for work (expiry date: 01-AUG-2014; strength, frequency and lot# unspecified). It was unknown if the patient took any concomitant medications, neither if the patient had any relevant lab work performed. As of 01-JAN-2015, the patient would not continue on the M-M-R II vaccine and the outcome of receiving an expired vaccine was unknown. The pharmacist did not have a lot number or other information for the report as she did not have that information with her. The event occurred at the pharmacy. The address provided by the caller was her own home address and not for the pharmacy. She did not wish to provide the address for the pharmacy because she did not work there on a regular basis. The reporter considered the event as non-serious. Additional information has been requested.
Local injection site erythema and 2 mm induration right arm.
Mom reported red itchy rash all over arms, chest and legs within 1-2 hours after 12mo vaccines and flu vaccine.  Pt still has rash 1 wk later; responding to topical hydrocortisone.  Denies any resp, CV, GI, nasal, ocular sx concerning for anaphylaxis.  Pt has h/o atopic dermatitis.  Egg allergy consists of positive skin prick testing, with h/o vomiting and hives with scrambled eggs and hives with skin contact only of cake baked with eggs.
Vesicular bumps were noticed at the injection site of the varicella vaccine. There were two lesions noted. They did seem to itch the baby a bit. Fever began that evening-101.5F  Reassured that this is likely a moderate vaccine reaction. Baby seemed happy and comfortable. Verified that parents have had chickenpox or the vaccine. Asked to f/u if it worsens. Ok to use Children's Benadryl for itching if needed. F/u if fever lasts more than 3 days or with concerns.
Patient reported vaccine reaction to school staff on 1/16/2015 at 9:12am.  Staff reports 2/3 of left arm warm, swollen, tender, red approximately 5 in x 2.5 in.  Mom states no fever or any other symptoms.  Referred to Dr., appointment today at 11 am.
Diffuse rash. Also with URI and AOM so likely not due to vaccine.
Redness and swelling, pain, hot to touch.
Rash on neck, back and legs.
Fever and rash. Fever Tm <102 so far. Rash started on legs and went upward. Very itchy. Initially mac-pap, but now very itchy.
Began running fever, began screaming. Inconsolable for 7 hours. Didn't eat for 8 hours. Has not been normal since vaccination. Constantly cries, doesn't want to eat or be held unless it's in the morning. Baby is completely different upon vaccinations.
Fever of 101.1.
Vaccine reaction (varicella). Symptoms include fever and rash - scattered papules and pustules on trunk, face and back.
Large area of erythema around three injection sites on right anterior thigh, approx. 25 cm x 20 cm. Warm to touch. One small area on right thigh around on of the two injection sites approx 2 cm x 3 cm. BENADRYL given in office and parent told to repeat every 6 hours as needed. ZYRTEC or CLARITIN 10 mg daily.
The patient developed a fever with convulsions consistent with a febrile seizure. The patient had 1-2 shorter subsequent events and then vomited. We are currently monitoring him.
Vomiting and fever.
Personality Change (lethargic); unsteady gait; loss of balance.
On January 21, 2015, client, age 15 years, received 5 vaccines including Tdap, IPV, Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B, and MMR. Approximately 1 minute after vaccines were complete, client became extremely pale, lost consciousness and became very rigid with some uncontrolled movements to bilateral arms. This episode lasted approximately 20 seconds, following which, client regained consciousness and was A/O x 3. Client remained very pale, dizzy, nauseous, weak, and tired following the episode. These symptoms gradually improved over the course of 5 minutes while client drank juice. Client was fully recovered after 5 minutes and ambulated to the waiting room, where she remained seated to wait an additional 15 minutes prior to leaving clinic. Clients color was completely restored and all other symptoms were completely resolved at the time client left clinic approximately 15 minutes following the episode.
Reported small localized reaction later that evening but after 12 hours was more significant.  Had redness (~5 inches in diameter), swelling and pain.  Patient also had a low grade temperature (100.9)Treatment included antihistamines three times a day and Tylenol and ice packs to area as needed.
Development of urticarial rash on face within 10 minutes of receiving vaccine, while still in office. Benadryl given in office and monitored for difficulty breathing, vomiting, other symptoms. Urticaria resolved, no further symptoms developed. Sent home with instructions to watch for signs of anaphylaxis.
Patient had a febrile seizure and was taken to the ER.
Redness, swelling, warmth, pain.
Diarrhea feeling weak, decrease appetite, and dry mouth.
Jan 17, patient started with runny nose, thought he caught a cold. Jan. 22, started with fever about 101.2, fever continued with administration of 5 mL. acetaminophen. Fever was about 102 on Fri, brought patient to Dr. to check if ear infection was gone or if it had gotten worse. Dr's office told me patient still had ear infection, but it was mild, they said his fever was more than likely from the MMR vaccination he had received on the 15th. Fever spiked to 103.8 around 1:30 a.m. on Jan. 24. By Saturday afternoon, fever was gone. Jan. 26, around 6:00 a.m. when baby woke for the day, noticed rash on face, and entire body. The worst of it is on the trunk of the body. Patient has been very fussy and irritable from Jan. 22 to present time. Contacted Dr's office again around 8:30 a.m. Jan. 26, they said to continue giving Motrin or Acetaminophen for aches and pains, and creams would not help the all over body rash; would just have to wait for it to go away. Was told that this would not be contagious to other children.
Subjective fever. Papular rash throughout body.
My son started getting one side of his cheek completely red and swollen and hot that happened on the 21st, then on the 22nd he started running a fever of 102, I administered Tylenol to him, call the doctor my son went to the doctors on Friday the 23rd, they stated he had a ear infection however my son started getting rashes and it started on his legs and face by the end of the day he had it from head to toe. He was given his medication later that night that was prescribed to him and his fever broke. But the severe head to toe rash remained and got worse. It looked like measles but not a full dose of measles.
Temperature of 104.5 / Severe pain in lower back. Severe sweating.  Swelling of joints. Loss of appetite. No energy. Lower coccyx pain and in hip joints, ear canals and diaphram.
Rash starting on anterior trunk in chest region and spreading rapidly to entire trunk, anterior and posterior, then neck, then face and proximal arms and legs.  Nonpruritic.  No URI symptoms.  No fever.  Just a little irritable.
Diffuse maculopapular rash.
Rash on abdomen, face, neck and back.
Swollen, red itchy eyelids, ears and hands 10 minutes after vaccines. No respiratory or GI symptoms.
Maculopapular Rash.
Developed Bells palsy.
Had temperature of 103-105 F that did not come down with fever reducing medications for approximately 48 hrs.
Client came in for TST reading and c/o (R) arm hurting it very  itchy. PHN observed arm to have big red area measuring 40mm by 35mm in size. Client also c/o that clothing touching arm hurt as well.
Febrile seizure-45 secs of blank stare and bilateral upper extremity shaking-no treatment.
Slight fever, restlessness, pain in both legs, right greater than left. No injection site reaction noted. Bilateral strength intact. No PCP. Referred to clinic.
Red, warm, swollen area of right thigh after recent vaccine. Dx: cellulitis of (R) thigh. TX: BACTRIM oral 10 days.
Mom reports child woke up with a fever of 105 degrees, vomited x 2.  Denies rash, cough, runny nose, conjunctivitis and diarrhea. Medicated with Motrin but vomited medication and breakfast.  Mother advise to take child to nearest UC or ER for evaluation. Nurse will follow up with mom tomorrow.
Developed fever of 99.5 F following MMR vaccine. Fever was first noted 7 hours following vaccine administration.
Itching and rashes started to appear on initial date.  This happened for three days and then huge bumps appeared and rash turned in hives.  Given Prednisone to take and Benadryl every four hours.
Has had 2 days of fever and last night noted with a couple of red bumps on face and body and today with more on trunk.
Developed Bronchiolitis, nebulizer with albuterol, amoxicillin, prednisolone prescribed.
Diarrhea, vomiting, fever, lethargy.
Child was given ibuprofen an hour before MMR vaccination was given (9:00 AM). At 5:00 PM (once ibuprofen wore off) a fever started.  It spiked to 102.6 by 9:00 PM and another dose of ibuprofen was given at that time.  At 9:00 PM, right after patient's temperature was taken, she began staring around at the walls as if she was seeing something.  This continued until her second dose of ibuprofen took affect (about 15 minutes).  Patient was calm during the 15 minutes she was staring around the room.  She was not making eye-contact and seemed to be entertained by whatever it was she was seeing.
Extreme fussiness, behaving very ill and abnormal. I expected this to go away anf it never did. Patient has acted very out of character and began screaming or crying unconsolably frequently. This has been a nightmare. Her sleeping patterns have also been significantly affected. Almost three weeks later she suddenly acquired a fever of 101-103 for over twenty four hours. After that period (in which I was told to keep her home for monitoring) we resolved to get her to the doctor the following morning. Over this time she slept in our bed with us and was vlosely monitored. The following morning her temperature had dropped so we did not end up going into the doctor. However, hours later after the doctor's offices had closed her fever returned, lasted about 4 more hours, and finally subsided for good. Then about four or five days later (tonight; almost a full month since vaccination) my daughter developed visible bumps that had the appearance of chickenpox all over her torso. When I saw this I recalled prior odd behavior that in hindsight was obviously her rubbing against things to scratch herself...so I am inferring she is also itchy. And still highly irritable, unconsolable fits (not in her character), extreme lethargy and desire to sleep, decreased appetite, and abnormal bowel movements ranging from constipation to mild diarrhea.
His tongue felt weird and had trouble swallowing.
Site of inject swollen and hot.  Fever muscle weakness, sore joints, headache, tightness in chest.
Mild wheezing and 101 fever that first evening, sore body and sensitive skin the next day followed by intense cough, pox developed by that evening, a total of 6-12 pox over the next day or two. Treated with toddler OTC cough medicine and ibuprofen.
Generalized hives to upper body, arms, shoulders, back and chest. Resolved 02/09/2015-no longer had hives upon awakening in early am.
Low grade fever for 2 days that spiked to 103 F and then resolved. Rash around right eye. Itchy. Initially white discharge that was resolved at visit. No eye redness. No pain. Otherwise no other symptoms. Feeling okay. Normal activity.
Fever for 4 days of 101 and shaking of head occasionally.
Everything around him is moving very fast and really loud and scary, happened once yesterday for 30 sec and this one lasted for 3-5 minutes. 2nd MMR yesterday. No vomiting. No numbness and tingling. No vision changes, everything just seems to moving fast.  No dizziness, no sense of falling over. Woke up with last night with headache that improved with Motrin. Normal this morning. Mom notices that he starts breathing erratically and shuts eyes tightly. Seems a little panicked. After shot last night, more tired and cold and fell asleep at 5pm. Sneezing but no overt URI symptoms. Has felt a little warmer than normal.
101 degree fever, extreme fussiness which is very out of character for child, wanted to go to bed an hour early.  Fever lasted 2 days on and off, next came red spots all over body that lasted 2-3 days, still extremely fussy.  As of date of this submission 2/9/15 she is otherwise in good health but extremely fussy and it is very out of character for her.
Fever, and eyes were sore.
Onset of rash 2/9/15 on torso. Rash spread to face, neck, buttocks and legs 2/10/15.
Fever. Not herself x 2 days.. increased fussiness. Mother notes usually well mannered, now crying more. Pulling at ears last night, fever spike 101.5, 11:30pm last night. LEG PAIN, TREAT WITH IBUPROFEN. SEIZURES-SENT TO HOSPITAL.
Pt started developing rash on Sunday 2/1/15. Was seen at hospital and was Dx with skin viral infection. Mother stated rash got worse and brought him to clinic on 2/3/15 where he was Dx w/ measles.
Morbilliform rash on all extremities, trunk, neck and few on face.  Palms and soles spared. No fever. Mild itching.
This spontaneous report as received from a Nurse Practitioner refers to a 12 month old female patient developmentally delayed. The patient's medical history included left sided weakness and constipation. Nurse practitioner confirmed that all medical history developed on unspecified dates prior to receiving M-M-R II, VAQTA, VARIVAX (Merck) and PREVNAR (manufacturer unknown). None drug reactions/allergies were reported. On 05-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot # K001997, expiry date 10-FEB-2016. Other suspect therapies included dose of VAQTA 0.5 ml, intramuscular, lot # K005958, expiry date 09-FEB-2017, dose of VARIVAX (Merck) 0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot number K009757 and expiry date 09-JUL-2016 and a dose of PREVNAR (manufacturer unknown) dose, route, lot number and expiry date were not reported. None concomitant medication provided. The nurse practitioner stated that the patient developed a fever of 103.3f and a heart rate of 189 within 20 hours of receiving M-M-R II, VAQTA, VARIVAX (Merck) and PREVNAR (manufacturer) on 05-JAN-2015. The nurse practitioner reported that she saw the patient in the office this morning (on 06-JAN-2015) and the patient's temperature was 101/3 F and her heart rate was 178. The nurse practitioner stated that she referred the patient today to an unspecified hospital to have routine lab work drawn, a chest x-ray, and an electrocardiogram (EKG). The nurse practitioner reported that the patient was in route to the hospital at this time to have the above tests done. The patient had not been admitted to the hospital yet. On 07-JAN-2015, the Nurse practitioner reported that the patient was still in an unspecified emergency room since yesterday but has not been admitted yet. At the time of the report the patient did not receive any treatment. The outcome of patient developed a fever of 103.3 F was reported as not recovered. Relatedness between the therapy with M-M-R II, VAQTA and VARIVAX (Merck) and the event: fever of 103.3 F was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
103.1 Fever, gave 5ML infant Tylenol.
Patient developed raised red morbiliform rash. Reportedly started on face. By the time of the visit has spread to upper extremities and shoulders. Otherwise well, afebrile.
Unknown, patient is following with OB/GYN at this time, received anthrax vaccination while pregnant, currently 35 weeks at this time.
MMR and varicella given in same arm, (L), and approximately 1/2 apart, and given in deltoid muscle. Client states she had ot go to ER for local reaction. (+) Cellulitis.
Rash neck to lower back 1-9-15. Hives on leg 1-8-15.
No adverse events.
Started coughing, signficant nasal congestion, then 15 minutes later scratching at scalp, hives on arms and chest, redness at site of injection.
Noticed bilateral parotid gland swelling, fussiness, fever up to 101.5. Later noticed testicular tenderness.
Fever, Cough, Rash covering torso and face, swollen and watery eyes.
RED HOT WELT, SIZE OF QUARTER AT 2PM, BECAME LARGER THROUGHOUT THE DAY AND THE FAMILY BROUGHT THEIR SON IN FOR THIS.
High fever starting 1/11/15 to 105.5 nasal and eye discharge. Fussiness.
Redness and irritation on injection site on right leg, patient prescribed: Sulfamethoxazole-Trimethoprim 200-40mg/5mL take 5 mL po BID x 10 days.
Redness and swelling (2 cm radius) on left thigh. No discharge. Normal leg movement.
Tdap was given instead of DTaP.
Tonic-clonic seizure - lasted about 5 min. Felt warm to dad. Did not take temp.
Stomach discomfort, diarrhea, slight elevated temperature, irritable, light rash around mouth and torso, behind legs and neck.
Pt c/o itching, swelling of injection site, redness, hardness, and uncomfortable pain that started on Feb 10th and has persisted to present day.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender who on 15-JAN-2015 was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot # H018949, expiration date 18-OCT-2014) (dose and route were not reported). No adverse effect reported. It was unknown if the patient sought medical attention. Additional information has been requested.
Swollen glands on left side of neck.
Information has been received from a health professional refers to an unspecified patient. No concurrent or historical conditions were reported. On 19-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of expired M-M-R II (lot # J000201, expiration date 09-JAN-2015), subcutaneous which was potency supported. No adverse effects reported. The patient had not sought medical attention. Additional information has been requested.
Fever of 101-103 which lasted on and off until 02/15, largely swollen and red leg (not only at injection site), immobility of leg for 3 days after vaccine. Fever broke on 02/15 and bodily rash occurred.
She received her vaccine, went to the restroom to urinate, and upon attempting to return to the exam room, fainted in the hallway.
This spontaneous report as received from a licensed vocational nurse (LVN) refers to a 30-years-old non-pregnant female patient who was a new employee (healthcare worker) of reporter's facility. The nurse reported that the patient had no pertinent medical history and no drug reactions or allergies. On unspecified dates, the patient was vaccinated with doses of M-M-R II (number of doses, frequency, route of administration, indication and lot numbers were not provided). On an unknown date, patient's mumps titers were measured and assessed as low. On 13-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with pre-employment booster of M-M-R II (dose: 0.5 ml, frequency was not reported, subcutaneously in the left arm, lot # K004948, expiration date: 04-APR-2016) due to having low mumps titers. No concomitant medication was reported. On 13-JAN-2015, almost immediately after administration of M-M-R II, the patient began to feel symptoms of lightheadedness and nausea. She also reported tingling in the fingers of her left hand, as well as tingling in her lips. The patient's skin became clammy, and the nurse recorded her heart rate to be 120 beats per minute (reference ranges were not provided). Her blood pressure at that time was also 108/54 (units and reference ranges were not provided). The patient rested, and when her heart rate was reassessed after an unspecified period of time, also reported as a few minutes, her heart rate was recorded to be 86 beats per minute. At the time of that report, the patient was still in the nurse's care under observation. Though the patient reported feeling better, the nurse was considering asking her to go to the emergency room for further evaluation. The patient was sitting upright and speaking during this report. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. The outcome of the events was reported as recovering. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II was not assessed by the reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not provided. On 05-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II subcutaneous, 0.5 ml, lot number H012142, expiry date 29-JUN-2014. No adverse effect reported. Additional information has been requested.
48 degrees after MMR and Varicella- developed 4 days of fever, 104 Tmax. 4 days after injection red rash on torso-self-resolved.
Diarrhea 4 to 5 times per day starting 5 hours post injection, and hasn't stopped yet. Fever 11 days post injection. Child is easily tired and complaining of pain in legs.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare professional refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 22-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot #, dose and route were not reported) expiration date 08-NOV-2014. No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
Patient was seen for 4 yr physical on 1-6-15 was given 4yr vaccine. (MMR, varicella, DTAP and IPV). Mother states had swelling and redness immediately after injection to right upper arm with MMR. Patient was seen today 1-9-15 and was givne cefdinir 250mg/5mL q 12 x 10 days. Patient to follow up next week.
Patent broke out in a rash one week after receiving the MMR vaccine. Vaccine administered on 02/06/2015. Rash appeared on 02/15/2015.
Swelling 3 x 3 cm rt. thigh. Reaction to varicella shot.
Received TC from patient's mother this pm. She reports that patient has reddened warm non-painful area on upper Rt arm. Area is slightly larger than a quarter. First noticed within last 24 hours. Had rec'd vaccines on 2/6/15 here at HD. Reviewed shot record from that day and appears from Mom's report that it is in area where Varivax was given (Mom says it is behind area of deltoid muscle on upper Rt arm). Reviewed package insert and reassured Mom that this can be a normal rx to Varivax. Is applying cool compresses to area. Instructed Mom to monitor size of area over next 24 hours. If it becomes larger, painful, or dgtr begins running temp to call us or PMD. Mom was receptive to instructions and daughter does have PMD in area if she needs. Completed VAERS report electronically.
5 cm - swelling and heat at vaccine site. Rt thigh on site of PENTACEL.
Patient developed and kept low grade fever x 1 week past administration of MMR vaccine. CBC was done.
Rash all over body and fevers.
Pt. presented with a macular rash from head to toe x 1 day. Rash itches. Patient given cetirizine 5mg/5ml 1/2 tsp QHS.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report was received from a nurse and refers to a female patient of unknown age. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions, drug reactions and allergies were not reported. On 07-JAN-2015, the patient was subcutaneously vaccinated with M-M-R II (dose, anatomical location, lot# and exp.date were not reported) because MMRII titers, which were drawn on an unspecified date, were negative. It was unknown if and when the patient received M-M-R II in the past. The patient performed a home pregnancy test on an unspecified date, results were not reported. The patient found that she was pregnant on 09-JAN-2015. The date of last menstrual period and the estimated delivery date were unknown. The outcome of the event was unknown. The relatedness between vaccination with M-M-R II and negative MMRII titers was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Patient c/o intense itching shortly after MMR injection. Ice applied. Reaction remained local. Take to E.R. for evaluation.
Patient was positive for VZV by PCR 1/15/15.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a female patient of unknown age. On 17-JAN-2015 (reported as about 1 week ago) the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous. Concomitant medication was not reported. The patient who was breastfeeding was administered with M-M-R II. No adverse effects reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. The reporter considered the event to be not related to M-M-R II. Additional information is not expected.
MOM DESCRIBED IT AS RASHES FROM HIS SHOULDER TO HIS ELBOW, LEFT SIDED.  MOM OFFERED BENADRYL, RASHES SUBSIDED NEXT DAY.
Fever x 3 days (up to 103.2), Congestion, rhinorrhea, cough, malaise.  Developed rash 2/2/2015 - diffuse maculopapular - that lasted for 1 week.
Left knee stiffness, pain and swelling. The next day right knee stiffness pain and swelling which persisted for 2-3 days; left ankle stiffness and  pain, right and left wrist stiffness and pain which persisted for 4 days. 02/19/2015 right hand and fingers stiffness, pain and swelling still occurring.
Patient developed hives 1 hour after receiving vaccines on 1/26/15: mom was advised to give BENADRYL.
Generalized, red, lacy, macular, rash on her body. It was on her face, trunk and back. While examining her, the rash dissipated and went away. Heart and lung sounds were normal, no wheezing or increased work of breathing noted. RN was asked to give 1 mg/kg/dose of Benadryl. Parents were asked to call back if the child has any rash, or other reaction tonight or at any point over the next few days.
Fever ranging from 99 to 101, severe  joint pain, body aches. This lasted until 02/19/15.
Both knees ached and became swollen and has continued to this date with the recent addition of both wrists hurting.
Took to urgent care on 2/6. Was vomiting. Falling asleep and had fever of 103.
Injection site oozing and surrounding area by injection is red and hard.
Facial numbness which became facial paralysis or Bells Palsy.
After 7 days she started running a fever. Around 101-102 at night. It lasted for three days. At 14 days past vaccine, another three days of fevers and she started complaining of her legs hurting. It has now been 28 days and she is still complaining of leg pain.
MMR Vaccine administer to patient receiving Humira.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a 18 month old patient of unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 09-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number: K008814 with expiry date of 19-JUN-2016), (0.5 ml, once) and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number: K010438 with expiry date of 22-JUL-2016) (0.5 ml, once), both subcutaneously. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 11-JAN-2015, 3 days after onset of therapy the patient experienced pink maculopapular rash from the groin to the abdomen and an ear infection. No treatment was given for the adverse events. The patient sought medical attention by visiting to the office. The outcome of rash maculopapular and ear infection was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The causality of the events with VARIVAX (Merck) and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No relevant medical history of the patient was reported. On 27-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (albumin status was unknown) (lot # H014988, expiry date 10-AUG-2014) 0.5 ml, subcutaneous. There were no concomitant medications reported. The patient experienced no adverse effects. There was no product quality complaint involved. The outcome was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Pt got measles like symptoms facial rash, fever and runny nose.
01/23/2015 after returning from Childcare became fussy and developed fever. 01/25/2015 rash started on face and spread down to the remainder of the body. Developed eye drainage, rhinorrhea, cough, malaise, decreased appetite. Was taken to ER. Treated with antipyretics and testing for measles done. 02/03/2015 symptoms improved and able to return to childcare.
Fever (~103) for 24 hours and swollen cervical lymph nodes and leg pain.
About a day or so after the shot, patient spiked a 103 degree temp, followed by shaking in the night and febrile like seizures.  Since this day, about every 3 days or so, she has continued to have a yo-yo fever, and at night she sometimes shakes.  She has not been sick or had any other isolated events except the MMR vaccine, which is why I think there is a high possibility for the cause.
Developed fever around 7:30 PM five 1/2 days after MMR and had febrile seizure at 1:27am.
MEMBER HAD SYNCOPE EPISODE AFTER RECEIVING 4 VACCINES.  MEMBER HAD POSITIVE LOC FOR 20 TO 30 SECONDS. MEMBER WAS THEN MONITORED AND GIVEN ORAL HYDRATION.
Fever of 105, breathing issues, fatigue, rash, oxygen dropped to 74. Fevers lasted for 9 days. On Day 11 high fever returned with rash.
Day 2-Day 5: High fever, breathing issues, fatigue, loss of appetite... Day 11- High fever, fatigue, aches, asthma.
Started with weakness, then runny nose and cough the next day with a fever of 99.5 which lasted 3 days, then 104 fever and severe coughing for 3 more days.  The Dr prescribed oral steroids for cough, continued Advil and Tylenol, and antibiotics.
Started with fever of 100.5, loss of appetite, extreme lethargy, runny nose, cough for 5 days.  Then a rash for a week.
Patient had fever and developed a rash.
None at this time - reporting due to patient being pregnant.
Rash and fever.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant referring to a child of unknown age and gender who on 13-JAN-2015, at 15:45, was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II (lot # K001231, expiration date 27-JAN-2016). Relevant medical and drug history was unknown. Relevant concomitant medication was unknown. On 13-JAN-2015, the refrigerator in the office went out of range and there was a temperature excursion of 2 hours and 45 minutes at a maximum temperature of 50.9 degrees Fahrenheit. The child was given the MMR II that experienced the temperature excursion at 15:45 on 13-JAN-2015 when the refrigerator temperature was 48 degrees Fahrenheit. The temperature excursion was supported. No adverse event were reported. It was unknown if there were any laboratory data. The outcome of getting the vaccine that experienced a temperature excursion was unknown. Additional information is not expected.
Varicella given (R) thigh rash (R) thigh started 1/27/15 now 2 x 3 cm erythema rash (R) thigh.
Redness to (L) deltoid area, swollen, tender to touch
Redness and swelling to site immed. on MMR and Var.
Just below left knee and knee joint. Hard to walk. Placed ice pack on to relieve pain. Lasted into next day and then pain was gone.
One minute after HPV vaccine was shot in my daughters arm by the nurse, she turned white, lost consciousness and had a seizure. Medics arrived, she regained consciousness 60 seconds later and received medical attention until her vitals came back. When the doctor entered during the emergency, she immediately asked the nurse if he gave her the HPV vaccine. Doctor got defensive, said this was normal when I requested paramedics and rushed us out of the clinic. Not sure if they reported it. Daughter also received MMR and HepB shots, but the reaction happened after the final HPV shot. Her arm is still swollen and painful on the HPV insertion point, not on the other two.
Showed signs of fatigue and began running a fever. Fever was 102.3 that evening and the next morning. Rash began showing on face evening of 2/18/15.  Rash spread to torso, arms and legs by end of day 2/19/15. Gave lukewarm bath and Motrin to reduce fever.  Fever was gone by AM Fri 2/20. Rash still present and worsened on face by Sun 2/22.  Mon 2/23, Rash was lighter in color and mostly faded on torso and legs.  Visited Dr to show her the rash.  Still mild rash on face as of 2/24 and very light on torso, arms & legs.  Also during this time experienced decrease in appetite.
Swollen lymph nodes, joint pain.
Fever, irritability, rash.
This spontaneous report has been received from a nurse concerning an unspecified patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and current condition of the patient were not reported. On 07-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot# reported as J000200, expiry date: 09-JAN-2015) (dose, route unspecified). Concomitant therapy was not reported. No adverse effects were noted. No product quality complaint (PQC) involved. This is one of several reports received from same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 2 month old patient of unknown gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 02-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous (lot number and expiration date were not provided) and a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (route, lot number and expiration date were not reported). No concomitant medication was reported neither was any adverse effect. Additional information has been requested.
Pt received vaccine and developed redness with a raised area. Warm to touch. Pt evaluated by MD and advised warm compresses and TYLENOL or ibuprofen for pain.
Seizure with fever to 102. C. Counted < 5 min, generalized seizures.
As patient left parking lot, started experiencing fever, loss of hearing. Numbness in hands, slurred speech. Pulled over and felt faint. Felt better in about 30 minutes. Symptom have all disappeared.
While driving home from clinic mother noted child making groaning noise.  He was in carseat w/ head back, eyes rolled back in head.  His whole body was shaking, legs extended, arms flexed with hands in fist.  This lasted about 3 minutes and then resolved.  For about 1 hour after child was crying, (acting like he was scared) not talking.  After this hour according to mom child seemed normal- ate good evening meal - slept well during the night.  According to mom he has never had a seizure.  He remained in the back seat of the car until mom got home - she did not call any one @ the time, was not seen by anyone.  Mom called the clinic the next morning with this information.
Local rash and soreness around sight of vaccine. Lasted 5 days. Rash was red and splotchy.
Given MMR vaccine on 2/10/15 and since discovered is pregnant.  Seen OB today and is 6 to 8 weeks pregnant.  OB referred patient to high risk doctor.
(L) Leg tender to touch won't bear weight on 1/30/15. Received vaccines 1/29/15 PM
Diffuse rash that started on face and spread to the rest of her body, coughing, diarrhea, low-grade fever, chills, facial edema.
Lacy reticulated rash on arms/legs/Abdomen. Few salmon colored macules. Decreased PO intake, Cheeks are more red than normal. Emesis x 2 regurgitation non-bloody.
On 02/12/15, patient called stating bruises at 3 sites on left arm (MMR vaccine given on back of left arm SQ): axillary, site of injection and back of her arm near the elbow. Patient stated tenderness at the site of the injection. Patient denied achiness, fever, tiredness or problems breathing. Follow-up phone call at 4:45 PM with patient who states her PCP says that the bruising is fine and no follow up care is needed. Patient again denied achiness, fever, tiredness or problems breathing. On 2/16/15 patient called to say the bruises were resolved but now has  hard raised one inch long skin color area an inch below the axilla. Patient denied having a fever, chills, n/v, or erythema at injection site. Patient denies previous reaction to MMR, fever, hives, difficulty breathing, facial swelling or rapid heartbeat. Per voicemail on 2/26/15, patient states everything has resolved.
Headache started first, mid afternoon, then a couple of hours later, spiked a fever of 103 and vomited. Fever went down to 101 without medications within an hour, but headache persisted. Fever went back up within 24 hours and was 103-104 for 36 hours. Administered acetaminophen initially until fever could be tolerated and then it was sustained at 102 for 12 hours before starting to go down. A stuffy nose and low energy followed the next day.
Significantly increased Autism symptoms and reemergence of symptoms that had not been seen in over a year: pacing, arm flapping, fits of anger, poor mood, inappropriate hand gestures, decreased attention. These symptoms began the day after the vaccination and have continued and increased in severity over the past 6 days. They have yet to resolve.
For a couple of days after immunization low grade fever then on 25th complained of bump in groin that was tender. Child has firm swollen glands in both sides of neck and right side of groin.  No other apparent side effects.
Slight fever, loss of appetite and single event of vomiting.
Patient reports fever (99F), joint pain and stiffness in legs and knees, and bumps in her neck that are not itchy. Injection site looks normal per pt report over the phone.
Seizure with fever - 1/29/15. Seen at ER, fever, cough and congestion. Negative flu and strep.
Local site reaction to Hep A. Induration, red, oval size 2.5cm to left thigh. Recommend symptomatic care. Recommend against finishing this series given the significance of involvement.
No fever - sleepy yesterday. PC from APRN - rash generalized - started belly, chest, back, face - none arms/legs - PC to State Epidemiologist - no link to other case afebrile Epi staff report vax assoc. Rash RT MMR.
Seizure, fever, rash.
Irritability. Measles like rash.
Headache, watery bowel movements (3), twitch (raises shoulders and lowers shoulders real fast in a jerking motion) never seen in this child before.
Localized swelling and itchy rash in front of left and right thighs.
Started run low fever Sunday afternoon. Continued to run fever or approx. 102 (rectal temp) Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Wednesday began coughing, fever increased to 104 that evening. Thursday cough continued to get worse. Fever went back up to 104.1 Thursday night. Friday ran fever 102-104 all day. Went to doctor's and diagnosed with small pneumonia in upper part of lung. Currently on 10 days of antibiotics.
FEBRILE SEIZURES, FEVER.
The patient suffered a fever higher than 104 degrees and was extremely lethargic. This high fever lasted for a total of 5 days.
My daughter received 4 year old vaccinations (Dtap, Polio, MMR, Varicella).  She was fine for about 5 minutes post vaccinations.  Then, she stated her head and stomach hurt.  I asked her dad to go ahead and take her to car.  She then got very pale.  He picked her up, but she vomited and proceeded to pass out.  After 20 minutes, she finally came back to normal.  We had to continuously call her name to wake her.  The doctor came back in the room.  She asked the nurses could one of the vaccinations possibly have one of her allergens, and they stated no.  Her blood glucose was tested, and it was completely normal.  I do feel like she had a strong allergic reaction to these vaccinations.
Rash on most of body.
Pinpoint rash started on trunk (front and back) developed into full measles-type rash covering entire body. Also, pt had cold-like symptoms (congestion and coughing) with fever started on 2/10/15, and R ear infection dx'd 2/20/15, started on amoxicillin 2/20/15 x 10 days BID. Rash and cold-type symptoms almost resolved on this date (3/2/15).
Low grade fever, myalgias within 24 hours developed soft pink papular rash on forehead & cheeks with gradual spread down abdomen anterior/posteriorly. Non itchy rash.
Onset of rash, nasal drainage, congestion on 2-22. Parents brought child to an urgent care on 2-24-15. He was diagnosed with otitis media and pharygitis. The physician also ordered IgG and IgM for measles and a viral swab was sent for viral culture.
Patient developed fever of 103.5 F overnight associated with chills.
Rash and low grade fever starting morning of 2/20/2015.  Fever reaching 105.4*F and still rising the evening of 2/21/2015.  No appetite.  Fever lowered with Ibuprofen.  Fever and rash started to subside on the morning of 2/22/1015.
Complained starting on Monday of arm pit pain....continued saying it bothered him on and off for the next 3-4 days---I did not notice anything apparent when I looked at it, but am suspecting swollen gland.  On March 2, 2014 patient started getting the chills and complained of fatigue.  On March 3 he complained that his legs ached and were sore. He felt warm to the touch and complained of the chills and was not playing as he normally does.  I checked his temperature at 1:00 PM and it was 100.4 F axillary.  At that point I called the doctor to report.
Per NP, when he looked back on yesterday, patient thinks he had difficulty with coordination for about one hour later in the day after getting vaccinated.  Patient states today had a black spot in visual field.  NP administered Acetaminophen, 500mg tabs x 2 for c/o mild headache.  Referred patient to Immediate Care for further evaluation and treatment.
Patient sent to ED 2/4/2015 for evaluation of fever of unknown origin with abnormal posturing involving back and neck, concern for meningitis, adverse reaction to vaccine. Fever max 104F 2/3/15.
Back of patient's arm is red and hot to the touch and swollen. There is a large red area that is 10 inches long by 6 inches wide with a smaller dark red circle in the middle that is 4 inches long and 3 inches wide.
Experienced chest tightness and heaviness and asthma like symptoms starting about 45-60 minutes after vaccination. Went to the Emergency Room for testing and treatment.
Left Thigh has small non painful, not red bump at injection site. No fever, no other concerns.
Bumpy red rash started on face and spread to back and abdomen, also fever. Rash lasted for 3-5 days. Fever treated with ibuprofen and resolved after 2 days. Nasal viral culture for measles sent to lab and results for negative for measles.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 03-FEB-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II instead of VARIVAX (Merck). No adverse effect reported. The reporter stated that this occurred due to a mistake with order entry into computer not product confusion. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from licensed practical nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history or concurrent conditions were not provided. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (dose, lot number and expiry date were not provided) and a dose of VAQTA (dose, lot number and expiry date were not provided) that underwent a temperature excursion. The VAQTA dose was supported while the M-M-R II dose was not supported. No adverse experiences were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Dizziness, vomiting, urticaria.
Patient first developed spots to the right side of her face on 02/21/2015 sometime in the afternoon. Patient boarded a flight.  When patient arrived home rash began to spread from cheek to rest of body, entire body was covered except palms and soles of feet. Mom reports by 2/22/2015 patient was covered with rash. Patient also had slight runny nose and low grade fever. Patient came to our office on 2/24/2015 reporting rash was not as bad as it had been two days ago. Patient presented in office with rash to body from head to toe zero rash to palms or soles of feet. Rash to arms and legs redder, flat, blanching.
Redness down arm, swelling, pain in arm, itchiness.
About 2 minutes after vaccine was given the patient had feelings of syncope followed by 15 seconds of seizure like activity. Patient was taken to ER for evaluation. Patient refused treatment and only allowed heart monitor to be put on and drank oral fluids.
Father call today 03/05/2015 asking about a follow up flu vaccine for his daughter, then stated his daughter had Chickenpox from the VZV vaccine given on 02/05/2015. Pt recieved both MMR & VZV at seperate sites on 02/05/2015 as well as other vaccines. Father states rash appeared on or about 02/23/2015. A few spots to buttocks, arms, a few spots on chest & back. Between 8- 12 total spots, now starting to crust over. No PCP visit for verification. Also mother of child is pregnant, as been kept seperate from child since rash appeared.
Client and client's mom called in together to report an adverse reaction to MMR immunization administered on 02/23/2015. Client's mom states client has never had vaccinations before. They reported that client had felt tired for 1-2 days after shot and then got bumps on his neck (back and front), and along jawline 2-3 days ago from 03/05/2015. They stated that they were the size of a pea, half the size of a penny, and chick pea size when asked to describe them. Client stated that one of the seemed to be hooked to the muscle, that one of them is tender, and not red at all. When asked if he could count the bumps, client replied there's several. Client's mom also stated that client had felt a stiff neck before the bumps developed. Denied fever since vaccination. Mom stated client's glands are swollen in the neck and that his lymph nodes in the armpit were not. Mom further stated the reaction was localized in the head and neck region. Client has not been to the doctor for this reaction. PHN recommended him to go see a physician about this reaction.
Hives within 30 minutes of giving vaccines.
Rhinorrhea, nasal congestion, red/flushed face, generalized rash, low grade fever, fatigue and joint pain.
3/4 6:30 PM started with head ache day of vaccine. 3/5 following day progressed with necking stiffness, severe headache, nausea, fever 101, vomiting/dry heaves. Did not notify health nurse until following morning. Did not seek medical attention. 3/6 720 am called health phone and left message. 915 health nurse returned phone call. Stated decreased nausea, decreased head ache. Feeling better, holding down fluids, refused medical treatment. Did not want to continue with MMR course or second MMR in 1 month. Noted in employee chart. Employee had a low measles titer upon hire.
This case was reported by a physician via call center representative and described the occurrence of papular rash in a 4-year-old female patient who received KINRIX (batch number A75B7, expiry date 3rd September 2016). Co-suspect products included MMR (batch number K007974, expiry date 3rd June 2016) and VARIVAX (batch number K002036, expiry date 10th February 2016). On 8th January 2015, the patient received KINRIX .5 ml, MMR and VARIVAX. On 8th January 2015, immediately after receiving KINRIX, the patient experienced papular rash. On an unknown date, 2 days after receiving KINRIX, the patient experienced eye swelling and giant urticaria (serious criteria GSK medically significant). On an unknown date, the outcome of the papular rash, eye swelling and giant urticaria were not recovered/not resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the papular rash, eye swelling and giant urticaria to be related to KINRIX. Additional information received: Patient experienced papular rash in the buttock area and in the leg area. The patient's giant urticaria was everywhere. Physician recommended patient to go to emergency room.
Pentacel was reconstituted with Merck & CO sterile diluent instead of the diluent that is provided with the vaccine.
31 yo healthy female presented to HC for evaluation of a vaccine reaction to her (R) upper arm. She received MMR (MFX TSR lot # not recorded) to her Right Arm on 26 January at 14:30 and Varicella to her left arm. She states she had no initial reaction: no urticarial lesions, no oral or throat swelling, chest pain, increased HR, dizziness or nausea or emesis. The next evening she noted severe pruritus and burning starting to her upper arm. Her boyfriend noted redness and swelling on her upper arm and gave her a topical steroid (type unknown) and BENADRYL, which provided relief and she continued to dose. The next morning she noted a raised area at the injection site, and the affected area has continued to enlarge to include her shoulder and chest wall, and burning radiating distal to her wrist and hand. Her (R) earlobe itches and external (R) neck. There is no shortness of breath, oral itching, burning or swelling. There was no numbness or tingling. She had tenderness at the injection site, affected pruritic areas and axilla. She did not have joint pain including shoulder and elbow. She felt otherwise well, without fever or chills or malaise. She had normal strength and function, and only mild discomfort. Physical exam demonstrated 2x2 inch area of edema and erythema at posterior upper arm injection site surrounded by less severe very large patch 13 x 12 inches to right upper posterior arm and extending posterior and lateral across scapula, (R) chest wall, palpable lymphadenopathy to (R) axilla with tenderness and tenderness only to supraclavicular area. Increased warmth, tenderness, darker skin tone and edema to involved area. Edema noted to posterior axilla. She was treated with oral prednisone 60 mg daily and topical LIDEX and oral cetirizine three times a day. She was much improved in 24 hours per telephone follow-up. She was seen in clinic at 48 hours with symptoms nearly resolved in the medications were stopped.
PER LPN LEFT DELTOID WITH REDNESS, INDURATION OF 40MMX25MM, WARM AND PAIN TO THE TOUCH. ALSO MOTHER DECLINED FEVERS. DR. INSTRUCTED PATIENT TO PLACE ICE ON DELTOID AREA AND MOM TO MONITOR IF REDNESS AND INDURATION SPREAD TO TAKE CHILD TO ER.
Pt was rear facing in her car seat. Mother noticed, facial twitching on the right side with her mouth drawing towards her ear, along with eye twitching and her eyes were rolling, and her face flopped the other way. She would not respond to her name, mom did not notice her extremities. She returned to our office and was found to be slightly tired, but otherwise normal acting. Referred to make apt with neurology.
Fever, malaise. Then flat, non-pruritic rash to abdomen and lymphadenopathy and fatigue.
Lack of Appetite, diarrhea, vomiting. Called Dr. on call. Dr told me to keep an eye on him, not give him food and if he continued throwing up after a few hours to take him in. He threw up 5 times total. I gave him water and watched him during the night. On the morning of 3/6/2015, he breastfed a little, but would only eat small amounts. Took two 3.5 hour naps and is currently sleeping again. I do not know that he has recovered yet, since he is still not acting normally. I am continuing to keep an eye on him.
Rash on stomach, back and neck, gradually got worse for 2 more days. Gave Benadryl but didn't go away. Had a low grade fever of 100.5 to 101.5 for 2 days prior with no symptoms until the rash.
Pt has a red, raised lump on the back of right arm that is warm to the touch.
3/2/15- MMR, Tdap, Meningococcal administered. 3/3/15- Patient started present with a rash. Neck bilateral arms, hands and face. Erythema, raised, borderline. 3/5/15- Rash still present, no resolution. Patient sent to Urgent Care.
Bruise, arm weakness, none.
Swollen sailvary glands, lymph lodes in neck and behind ears.
Vasovagal reaction at time of vaccine administration, then developed red raised, urticarial rash from head to umbilicus.
BEGINNING THE EVENING OF THE DAY THE BABY WAS VACCINATED, HE HAD LONG PERIODS (SEVERAL HOURS) OF INCONSOLABLE SCREAMING.  THIS CONTINUED UNTIL THE MORNING OF 03/06/2014, AT WHICH POINT HE EXPERIENCED ABOUT 30 MINUTES OF INTERMITTENT SEIZURE ACTIVITY, FOLLOWED BY A PERIOD OF UNRESPONSIVENESS, CYANOSIS, HYPERGLYCEMIA, AND HYPOTHERMIA.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a female patient of unknown age. It was reported that the patient was pregnant, four week gestation with last menstrual period (LMP) approximately on: 06-JAN-2015 and estimated date of delivery (EDD) on 13-OCT-2015. On 04-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (dose, route of administration, lot number and expiration date were not reported). No adverse effect was noted. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a licensed practical nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history was not reported. On 09-FEB-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered an expired dose of M-M-R II lot # H018181, expiration date: 05-OCT-2014 (dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history was not provided. On 06-FEB-2015, the patient was inadvertently subcutaneously administered a dose of M-M-R II (albumin status and lot# were not reported), which expired on 18-OCT-2014. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Sev papulovesicular lesions appearing more and more on face and extremities over after 24 hours. Otherwise seems ok. Injection site nml.
Information has been received from a pharmacist via facility referring to a 37 year old male patient. Information regarding concomitant therapy, concurrent conditions and medical history was not provided. On 06-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, lot # reported as H018945 that expired on 18-OCT-2014 (dose, dose number, application site and router were not reported)(expired vaccine used). The patient did not report any problems and no tests had been done. As of 06-FEB-2015 it was unknown if the patient will get another M-M-R II vaccine and the outcome of receiving an expired vaccine was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
36 hours post-injection developed profuse papular rash with erythema and itching over bil arms, legs, abdomen. Trunk/back/face/chest/palms were not involved. Pt was admin. BENADRYL PO, hydrocortisone topic al cream.
Whole body rash from head/neck to bilateral feet. Large red rash w/red splotches. Warm to touch. Afebrile. 98.5 today. Appeared 9 days after vaccines. Took 7 day steroid dose pack starting on 01/21/15-no improvement.
MMR vaccine administered 1/28/15. Pt. experienced low grade temp that PM. Rash appeared on 1/31/15-entire body. No illness noted at time of immunization. 2/3/15-c/o cough-non productive. Runny nose green/yellowish in color.
This spontaneous report as received from the patient's mother refers to a 1 year old female patient with no known allergies. The patient had none medical history. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (albumin status was not reported) and a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (dose, lot#, expiration date, site and route of administration were not reported for both). There was no concomitant medication. On 03-FEB-2015, in the evening, the patient developed fever (highest reading was 104.3 F). The event was ongoing despite use of MOTRIN. On 06-FEB-2015, the patient developed rash on her face. The patient was seen by her physician on 06-FEB-2015. Strep test and flu evaluate were negative. In February 2015 (reported as over the weekend), the rash progressed to generalised all over child's body. The outcome of events was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II and VARIVAX (Merck) was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Rash to injection site. Flat, red, marked borders. Mom to monitor call if: raised site, give BENADRYL and call office. Go to ED with SOB, swelling.
Had fever 24 hours after MMR and on and off for 5 days after that. Also had rash on cheek with some swelling of face and neck. Reported staring episodes and acting loopy and out of it on and off.
Pt received vaccines on 02/16/15, developed fever of 101.7 max on 02/08/15 with diarrhea but no URI symptoms which resolved spont. On 2/11/15 developed generalized maculo-papular rash, no fever/URI symptoms.
Soreness evening of 2-9-15 site of MMR. Today puffy purple at center and injection red around the purple. Size of a golf ball. She feels sore head.
Seen in office 02/09/15 for 18 mo WCE; pt was behind on imm., total of 4 given in thighs; 2 SQ's given-(1) in each arm. S/s began 02/11/15; Seen in office for eval-> 6 x 8cm area of erythema with induration to (lt0 thigh; afebrile; Tx=supportive ibuprofen of 6-8 hours; warm moist compresses; return if worsens.
The site of the injection became very painful, so patient cried when it was touched or his leg was moved. Patient developed a red rash starting near his hairline by his ears, the rash spread and enlarged across his body, in the groin area, on his stomach, on his arms, face and the nape of his neck. He also developed swollen hands, feet and eyelids. His temperature became elevated and he was very fussy.
Upon arriving home after the office visit at around 10:30pm on 2/23/15 I noticed patient to be wobbly when she walked and she seemed disoriented. Within 24 hours her belly appeared to be distended. Patient began displaying cold like symptoms of runny nose, cough and sneezing. This lasted for two days. The symptoms appeared to be getting better by 3/3/15 and then on 3/4/15 she began running a low grade fever; not more than 100.3. The fever came and went over the course of the next two days. She was irritable and fussy and began sleeping poorly. Her mood seemed to have changed where she was more easily irritated and would scream a lot at the top of her lungs. She has never showed this behavior before. On 3/6/15 is when she started to get worse. She only took one 35 minute nap and was clearly tired but would not go to sleep. Her appetite was affected as she would not eat very much solid food. She was also not willing to nurse as she normally would.  She went to bed for the night at 7:30pm and then was awake at 11pm and was crying and inconsolable from 11pm to 2am. This was very abnormal behavior and extremely alarming. I have never seen her this upset or crying this much ever in her life. She did not have much interest in nursing or eating solid food on Saturday, 3/7/15. At about 9:30 AM I noticed a red rash all over the trunk of her body (abdomen, chest and back and diaper area). The rash was not raised. I contacted the Dr. to have her seen immediately. The Dr. seemed to think it was a viral issue and not caused by the vaccine. She continued to be easily upset and throw intense temper tantrums when she was unhappy about something. She did not want to take a morning nap that day and took a mid-afternoon nap instead of one mid-morning nap and one late afternoon nap. Her sleep was a bit better on the night of 3/7/15 and she was only up for about 1 hour and was not nearly as upset as the night previously. 3/8/15 was similar to the previous day in terms of sleeping and not wanting to nurse or eat solid food. The rash was almost nearly gone by the morning of 3/9/15 and then reappeared again in the afternoon. It has spread to the lower parts of her face and is now on her legs on 3/10/15. Her mood has improved somewhat along with her appetite, sleeping and willingness to nurse.
Severe numbness of the rear tongue, post nasal drip, dry eye, noticable lack of facial symmetry.
Right after the injection was given a knot appeared on the patients deltoid area. It looked like a small hematoma. Pt then stated he took Aspirin everyday. Pt. stated there was no pain at the site and it started to decrease in size after about 15 minutes. Instructed patient to watch the area for redness, swelling, tenderness, rash, etc. Pt was contacted the next day and said he was arm was fine. He stated there was some tenderness in the area but no longer a knot.
Measles like rash, itching with no resolution with steroids and antihistamines and still has on 3/12/15.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report was received from a 27 year old female patient regarding herself. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. Approximately on an unknown date in December 2014, the patient was vaccinated with first dose M-M-R II (dose, frequency and route unspecified) and first dose of (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (dose, frequency and route unspecified). Concomitant medications were not reported. On 07-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with second dose of (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (dose, frequency and route unspecified). The patient reported that now she was four weeks pregnant (exposure during pregnancy). No treatment was received by the patient for the adverse event. On an unknown date, blood work was done but results were not reported. The patient sought medical attention by contacting office. The outcome of the event was unknown. The causality of the event with M-M-R II and VARIVAX was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a 14 month old male patient. The patient pertinent medical history was none and no known drug allergies. On 10-FEB-2015 the patient was received a partial dose of M-M-R II (dose and frequency were unspecified) (lot # K008625 and expiry date: 16-JUN-2016) subcutaneous in the left leg because the needle was not correctly attached to the syringe. Concomitant medications were none. On 10-FEB-2015, the patient subsequently developed hives at the injection site on the patient's thigh within 30 seconds of receiving the partial dose. The patient was immediately treated with BENADRYL. No lab tests were performed. The outcome of hives at the injection site was reported as recovering/resolving. The causality of hives was not reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was reported for (M-M-R II). Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a physician and a healthcare worker referring to a 35 year old female patient with no pertinent medical history and no known allergies. On 06-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated dose 1 of M-M-R II (0.5 ml, subcutaneous, right upper arm, lot # reported as K008198 Exp 05-JUN-2016). There was no concomitant medication. The healthcare worker reported that patient took a urine pregnancy test, at home, on 09-FEB-2015, and it was positive for pregnancy. The LMP and EDD was not known. The pregnancy outcome was outcome pending. The outcome of vaccine exposure during pregnancy was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Minutes after receiving vaccines developed a red, flat rash on extremities and trunk. No respiratory distress or symptoms. Gave 3cc of BENADRYL. Rash started to resolve before giving BENADRYL and was completely resolved soon after.
Patient had vaccines (below) on 1/22/15. On 2/10/15 developed grand mal seizure < 5 minutes and fever up to 102 F. Also diagnosed with croup on 2/11/15- given oral steroids.
Bright red rash, raised up, very hot to touch, swollen. Took her to the emergency room and they started her on antibiotics.
2 febrile seizures (generalized tonic-clonic, short). Temp of 39.6C around 12:00PM. First seizure at 3:00PM. Second seizure at 6:00pm. According to ED note, patient was very tired after second seizure, prompting father to take him to Emergency Department.
This spontaneous report was received from a patient's mother concerning a 2 year old male patient. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. The reporter stated that there was history of other family members having unspecified adverse effects. On 02-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (1 single shot, route unspecified) (lot number: K009956 with expiry date 14-JUL-2016). Concomitant medications were not reported. On unknown date in February 2015 the patient experienced sore throat, lack of appetite, sweats, irritability, fever of 102.8 Fahrenheit, muscle twitching and keeps rubbing his eye. No treatment was given for the adverse events. The patient sought medical attention by speaking with the physician. The outcome of the events was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The causality of the events with M-M-R II was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with M-M-R II was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 02-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion (incorrect product storage). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects (no adverse event) were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with M-M-R II was not reported. product quality issue was not involved. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 02-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 02-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II, live was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number: K002816  with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Rash to face, chest, abdomen, back, upper extremities, periarea.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician and a health care worker refers to a 15 month old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions or  medical history were not reported. On 26-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (dose, route, anatomical location, lot number and expiration date were not reported) and on 07-FEB-2015, developed an unspecified rash and pyrexia. The patient was seen in the emergency department that same day and was released without being admitted (on the same day), with a prescription for unspecified antibiotics. On 09-FEB-2015, the patient presented to the physician's office, the patient's mother reported that the rash had worsened but the fever however had subsided. The physician reported that the rash might be measles but he was unable to make a determination at the time of the report. The health care worker inquired how long after administration can titers be drawn to determine measles immunity and if measles immunity created an IgG or IgM response. No lab diagnostics were performed. Additional information has been requested.
Red spots started on face and have spread to rest of body.  Slightly elevated temperature.  Loss of appetite.  She still has all of these symptoms.  I have not been treating any of them.
Received routine immunizations at 4 yr check up 1/30/15 was on d9 of amoxicillin for (R) otitis media, Amox ended 1/31/15. Onset rash 2/1/15, seen at hospital ER 2/1/15 and diagnosed allergic reaction to Amox. Treated BENADRYL and ORAPRED. Seen in office 2/2/15 and diagnosed erythema multiforme minor.
Immediate small welph at site (R) T increased in size measurements:2-2 1/2 BENADRYL given 1/4 tsp.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II, live was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with M-M-R II was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number: K02816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II, live was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II, live was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a health professional refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 06-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II 0.5 ml, subcutaneous, (lot # not reported) that had undergone temperature excursions. No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with M-M-R II was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 04-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II, live was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 04-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with M-M-R II was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 04-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and  route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II, live was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 04-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number: K002816 with unspecified expiration date) (dose, frequency and route unspecified) that had underwent temperature excursion (incorrect product storage). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects (no adverse event) were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with M-M-R II was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a health professional (licensed practical nurse) refers to an 18 month old female patient. Patients pertinent medical history and drug allergies were not reported. On 04-FEB-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered with two doses of MMR II (lot # J013131, expiration date: 17-OCT-2015). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. Outcome of the events were unknown. The reporter considered the event to be not related to MMR II. Additional information has been requested.
Went to physician with vesicular rash on upper trunk. <50. Dr treated pt. with acyclovir.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant concerning a child patient (reported as pediatric) of an unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 08-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II (dose, dose number, lot number, expiration date and route were not reported). Co-suspect and concomitant therapies were not reported. The certified medical assistant reported that on 28-JAN-2015, the patient developed a rash. At the time of the report, the outcome of the rash was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker (Certified Medical Assistant) referring to a patient of unknown age. On 06-FEB-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered an expired dose of M-M-R II injection which had expired on 19-JAN-2015, 0.5 ml (unspecified dose series), subcutaneously. No adverse effect reported. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
High fevers.
Vaccinated 1/6, on 1/14 started with a fever-103 and on and off over the weekend, slight runny nose and cough. Sunday afternoon noticed a slight rash-on 1/14 move on face and trunk and then spread to back of arms-fever broke evening on 1/19.
2/11/15 - started with red eyes per mom, 2/12 - started Kw/ runny nose, cough and fever 101.5 that AM, very grumpy (told had B/L OM-started on ZITHROMAX and dexamethasone for croup. 2/15 - started with red rash on neck, torso and has spread - fever broke 2/15. 2/16 - rash got worse. 2/17 - rash spread to arms and legs.
Administered adult dose of vaccine instead of pediatric dose.
On 2/19/15, patient states she, passed out at work after having injured fingers. States she took her BP at home and it was low, unsure of exact reading. On 2/11/15 she woke up with raised rash covering arms, trunk, legs, and it was scattered in her face. Followed up on 2/17/15 and she said took BENADRYL for 2 nights and rash completely resolved.
Pt states that she was itching and showed some type of rash on both arms and anterior thighs, and some in the flank area.
Patient received 1 yr vaccines on 01-15-15. On back of (R) arm there is noted redness and a bump. This RN did not see child, mom sent me pictures. Advised to go to primary dr to get it looked at. Went to dr. Thought maybe reaction to filler. Gave low dose BENADRYL every morning for a week as reported by mom.
Hives on face reported by Mon > post 20 min imm. Hives cleared before patient was seen by provider.
(L) upper thigh cellulitis. (L) inguinal lymphadenopathy, Warm soaks. Tx cephalexin 250mg/5 ml x 10 days.
Rash and hives to (R) eye, face and back and upper torso. Treated with MEDROL dose pack, BENADRYL and ZYRTEC. Denies respiratory issues.
See attached
This spontaneous report as received from a health professional refers to a patient of unknown age and  gender. On 06-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II 0.5 ml, subcutaneous, (lot # not reported) that had undergone temperature excursions. No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Rash over face and arms intiailly reported-progressed to include Koplik spots, light sensitivity, no fever 2/4/14-headache, loss of appetite.
Localized swelling. Increased asthma symptoms.
Papular rash, resembling chicken pox appeared on head and back on 3/5/15. 10-15 total lesions seen.
Client was given MMR vaccine at a clinic. She was not ill at the time of injection 1/30/15. On 2/9/15, she began having stomach pains and fever. On 2/13/15, she developed a body rash. Client did begin taking a chemo cream EFUDEX on 2/6/15.
Pain immediately after the shot and continuing, with shaking, moaning, fever (101), and vomiting starting around 3:15 PM. I had given her Motrin around 12:30 pm for the pain, and dosed her again around 4:30 after she had vomited three times. She then retched and dry heaved without producing any vomit.
MMR vaccine given 1-29-15. No prior MMR vaccination. 9 days later pt developed extensive rash over entire body with splotches on face. Mild fever, pain in knee/leg at injection site but no swelling or redness at the site. Rash now improved, still with pruritus.
16 mos old child, received her HIB and MMR on the Rt thigh, developed red, hard swelling one week after the date of injections. Subsided gradually on its own. She had HIB before with no reactions.
1 day after receiving the MMR she developed redness around the (L) eye and it deviated medially. She was diagnosed by ophthalmology as a 6th nerve palsy. 4d later developed diarrhea.
RN administered Boostrix Tdap Vaccine  Lot: 7535X Exp. 02/15/2015 on 03/12/2015. Vaccine was administered after expiration date. No signs or symptoms noted, Patient was made aware, and was revaccinated on 03/16/2015 with Tdap vaccine with Lot: 65030AA and Exp. 05/01/2017 by BSN RN.
RN administered Tdap Vaccination Boostrix with Lot #:7535X and Expiration date of 2/15/2015. RN administered vaccine after vaccine expiration date. RN notified patient and patient was revaccinated on 03/16/2015 with Tdap vaccine Lot #: U5030AA and Exp.: 05/01/2017 by RN.
Raised, reddened, itchy, hot to touch. Left two marks.
Rash, fever. Grandparents reported rash on baby's trunk started from today, can not think of any new food/clothes/detergent/bed sheets etc. Baby does not seem itching, no fever/chills, no cough, is active, eating well.
RN administered Tdap vaccination Boostrix with Lot#: 7535X and Expiration date of 2/15/2015.  RN administered vaccine after vaccine expiration date.  RN notified patient and revaccinated on 3/16/15 with Tdap vaccine Lot #: U5030AA and Expiration date: 05/01/2017 by RN.
Information has been received from a pharmacist on 11-FEB-2015 referring to a 34 year old male patient. On 10-FEB-2015 the patient received a dose of M-M-R II (route, lot number and dose were unknown). The patient called the pharmacy on 11-FEB-2015 and stated that he should have requested an unspecified meningitis vaccine not the M-M-R II vaccine. He stated that he requested the incorrect vaccine yesterday, 10-FEB-2015. No adverse effect reported. Additional information is not expected because the reporter did not want to be contacted.
Rash morbilliform on face, chest abd, back and extremities x2 days No itch, no pain, no change in diet, no fever. Received vaccines 10 days prior expected course.
Red rash on trunk and extremities.
Hives entire body. Onset - 3 hrs after MMR vaccine. 2/23/15 - playful child and exam: skin - hives maculopap urticar lesion.
Developed welts/hives on side and back 2 days after MMR vaccine, advised BENADRYL, quh pm, cool compresses to area, and avoid heat to rash.
Upper left arm swelling and redness.
Saturday, 3/7. child had a fever (really hot) at 1:30 Am. Given ibuprofen and slept in a diaper. Child was crabby around noon. Mom thought teeth were bothering her so gave a dose of ibuprofen. Child was fine until 6:30-7 pm. Child felt warm but was not given anything. Played in the pool until child stared off and then eyes rolled back and child started twitching. Ambulance called and temp was 103.1. From motel to hospital child came around. Mom said seizure was about 1-3 minutes. Temp at ER was 100.9 rectally. ER gave ibuprofen. Parents were told child had a febrile seizure. Child has been fine since episode.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a 24 year old non-pregnant female patient. The patient had no pertinent medical history, no drug allergies/reactions and no concomitant therapy. On 22-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired MMR II lot # H017027, expiry date 14-SEP-2014, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously, reason for vaccination: needed for school. The patient developed pinkish color at the injection site after the vaccination. The outcome of the event was unknown. The relationship between the event and MMR II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse, refers to a 80 year old male with no drug reactions/allergies. Patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 04-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously (lot # K005109,expiration date: 04-APR-2016), because titer for rubella showed no immunity. Concomitant therapies included FLOMAX, verapamil, hydrochlorothiazide, MAXIDE and dutasteride, JALYN. On 17-FEB-215, the patient experienced fever, that was as high as 104 F. On 18-FEB-2015 the patient experienced rash on the trunk of his body. The patient sought medical attention by calling physician's office. Fever was reduced after receiving ibuprofen. The outcome of the events was reported as recovering/resolving. Relatedness between the events and M-M-R II was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
Rash-trunk, itchy, erythematous, some urticaria. Fever-100-102 x 2 days.
Patient requested MMR vaccine, but received GARDASIL instead.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to an unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. On 06-FEB-2015, the patients were vaccinated with M-M-R II (strength, dose and route were not reported) (lot # K001231 and expiration date 27-JAN-2016) which were exposed to an unsupported temperature excursion. No adverse effect was reported. No product Quality Complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of the several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to an unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. On 13-JAN-2015, the patients were vaccinated with M-M-R II INJ (strength, dose and route were not reported) (lot # K001231 and expiration date 27-JAN-2016) which were exposed to an unsupported temperature excursion. No adverse effect was reported. No Product Quality Complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of the several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to an unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. On 06-JAN-2015, the patients were vaccinated with M-M-R II INJ (strength, dose and route were not reported) (lot # K001231 and expiration date 27-JAN-2016) which were exposed to an unsupported temperature excursion. No adverse effect was reported. No Product Quality Complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of the several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a certified medical assistant referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-FEB-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered an expired dose of M-M-R II expiry date: 08-NOV-2015, (strength, lot number, route and dose were not reported). No adverse effect reported. Additional information has been requested.
Patient states began having a dry cough on 3/9/15. She went to her private physician who gave her a cough medicine with codeine.  On 3/10/15, she began having hives (welp-like and patchy), headaches, fatigue, diarrhea, joint pain, hip pain, and sweating. She went to the ER on the evening of 3/10/15.  She was told at the ER that it was not an allergic reaction to the cough medicine but they didn't know what was wrong. They gave her a Medrol Dose pack.  Her symptoms persist and she is going to see the doctor today due to persistent rash and fatigue.
Patient had fever on 2/21-2/23; experienced febrile seizure x 2 on 2/23/15. Pt evaluated at ER on 2/23.
Swelling, redness and itchy at site of injection. Swollen about 4 inches long by 3 inches wide.
Area of injection is sore, like any shot. No lump or bump, area warm or red. SQ injection given as IM.
Redness, warm to touch, raised spot on left leg.
Developed rash to face within 4 hours of receiving MMR injection. Following morning woke with swollen face/rash to face, stomach pains.
Day 11 - Red, pin point rash on arms, legs, and stomach - itchy.
Patient with febrile illness starting 6 days after vaccination. Nightly fever with myalgias for 6 nights, then improved. Patient did have blood work and urine studies done which were normal.
He had a classic measles rash and fever.
Temp of 103 sometime after vaccines, presented to ER at 1833 with febrile seizure lasting approx. 1 minute.
During charting, it was found out that Tdap was given instead of the ordered DTaP. Tdap was given to 2 year old instead of DTaP. It was the patient's 4th dose. According to immunize.org, Tdap given to a child younger than 7 years as either dose 4 or 5 can be counted as valid for DTaP dose 4 or 5. Patient will come in for last dose of DTaP between age 4-5 years.
FEVER, SORE THROAT, VOMITING.
Fever, febrile seizure, abdominal pains, change in behavior; tested negative for mono, no treatment.
Measles like rash on body that lasted about 10 days. One month after MMR vaccination was diagnosed with GianottiCrosti syndrome.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 15 month old male patient. In February 2015, reported as last week, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (dose, route, lot number and expiration date were not reported). In February 2015, after receiving M-M-R II, the patient experienced measles-like rash and fever spike. No treatment was given for the events. The patient's mom sough medical attention: she called the clinic. At the time of the report, the patient was recovering. Relatedness between the events and vaccination with M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to an unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. On 05-FEB-2015, the patients were vaccinated with MMR II INJ (strength, dose and route were not reported) (lot # K0054431 and expiration date 15-APR-2016) which were exposed to an unsupported temperature excursion. No adverse effect was reported. No product Quality Complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Registered Nurse refers to unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not provided. Since 02-FEB-2015, unspecified patients were vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (dose, route, lot number and expiry date were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to an unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. On 07-JAN-2015, the patients were vaccinated with M-M-R II inj (strength, dose and route were not reported) (lot # K005431 and expiration date 15-APR-2016) which were exposed to an unsupported temperature excursion. No adverse effect was reported. No product Quality Complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of the several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from licensed practical nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender who on 09-FEB-2015 was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (dose, lot #, expiration date and route were not reported). No adverse effects reported. It was unknown if the patient sought medical attention. Additional information has been requested.
2/26/15 Removed band aid, area red, warm, swollen, hard area. Mother contacted MD administering TYLENOL and use of ice as needed. Monitoring for injection. Left deltoid area.
This spontaneous report was received from a Registered Nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history, drug allergy, concurrent condition and concomitant medication was reported. On 25-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and lot number were not reported), subcutaneous. No adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 17-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 17-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician via a company representative refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 23-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II and PROQUAD (Merck) (dose, route of administration and lot # were not reported). No adverse effects reported. Additional information is not expected due to the reporter did not want to be contacted again.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 18-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Mother noticed scabbed lesions on the evening of 2/26/15. Denies fever. Presented to clinic with scabbed lesions on abdomen, leg, buttocks, and chest. Time of office visit 10:20 on 3-2-15.
Child upset, crying flailing could not comfort 15 minutes. Gave Motrin and she fell asleep. Later she was in car seat and was disengaged, disoriente, trembling head bobbing and shaky. Her eye turning out to the side.
Back of arm red and swollen left arm.
Pt has red/raised/warm reaction to VARIVAX injection.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified report refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a farther of a patient, Merck employee, pharmacist, concerning the 12 month old male patient. The reporter stated he was calling in from home, to report his son's adverse reaction to vaccinated with M-M-R II and VARIVAX (Merck). On 09-FEB-2015 at 09:15 (also reported as yesterday) the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (dose, lot# and route were unknown) and a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (dose, lot# and route were unknown), separate vaccines. The reporter stated the day care sent his son home from school on 10-FEB-2015 (also reported as today at 3:30 this afternoon) because he had a fever of 102.1 F. The reporter stated he was calling his son's primary healthcare provider as soon as this call was finished. No treatment was given for the event. The outcome of event was not recovered. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 06-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which had undergone an temperature excursion. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which had undergone an temperature excursion. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 10-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history was not reported. On 02-MAR-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (albumin status and lot # were not reported), 0.5 ml, 01-MAR-2015, subcutaneously. No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 10-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Aunt gave patient Advil 400mg at 9am. Eye and gum swelling started around 12:30pm, around 1:30pm aunt gave Benadryl 40mg capsule and eye drops. Swelling on eyes reduced 6pm gum swelling cleared by next day.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 11-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
(R) anterior thigh redness, tenderness, swelling and clear vesicles. Cellulitis of (R) thigh - today Dx of otitis media.
Developed a fever- mostly moderated but up to 103 for 2-3 days.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 11-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 11-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which had undergone an temperature excursion. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which had undergone an temperature excursion. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 08-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which had undergone an temperature excursion. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age an gender. On 08-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported). which had undergone an temperature excursion. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which had undergone an temperature excursion. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 14-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which had undergone an temperature excursion. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
C/o (L) thigh pain. Redness and swelling appeared 3-4-15 afternoon.
Pt had a 2-5 minute tonic/clonic seizure right after DTaP, IPV, MMR, VARIVAX.
Vomiting x2 the day vaccine was administered.
Rash similar to chicken pox all over child body.
Swelling of lips. PO BENADRYL given.
Patient complained of itching; experienced fever of 102 degrees F; left arm swollen and hot; anxiousness.
3/9/15 developed local reaction (2 small bumps on L thigh). 3/10/15 developed urticarial rash over much of body, lasting 3-4d. No other clear source for urticarial (pt otherwise well, no new foods/meds). She was seen by her allergist who felt this was c/w rxn to vaccines (vaccines given included VZV, Flu, MMR, HIB) & requested a report be made.
Redness and swelling at the injection site within 5 minutes of getting vaccines.  After noticing the redness, mother of patient stated that he gets irritated with some types of band aides. We removed the band aides from the sites and had the provider evaluate the swelling.  The patient had no redness or swelling on other parts of the body.  Patient was reevaluated at 2:45 PM after observation and the redness and swelling was improving.  When reevaluated at 3:15 PM the patient did not have any swelling or redness at the site.  Mother was advised of signs of allergic reaction and what actions to take if the patient started having a reaction again.
Leg swollen, red, bruised, painful.
Patient became very fussy during the evening and then continued to cry every 30-45 mins in his sleep every night for the next 5 nights.  During the day, he was fussy and didn't smile, I couldn't put him down.  He was clinging to me, when I did put him down. He just cried and fussed until I picked him back up. He is typically a very good natured baby, he had a double ear infection and never ran a fever a couple months back.... he even ruptured the ear drum and never acted sick. I just happened to notice stuff in his ear and immediately took him to doctors and he was sick.  No clue how long he was that way.  He never cries and always sleeps 12 hrs a night without waking up.  I know something was not right.... took him back to docs on Saturday and CBC showed viral infection.  I asked about this being related to the vaccine. I was told that they had never seen this kind of reaction so not likely. On 3/17/2015, he was still not feeling well, them woke up from his nap at 6:30pm with 102.5 fever and I immediately took him to ER.  He was tested for flu, strep, rsv..  urine sample taken and chest Xray.  All negative.  He had small red dots on chest and doc at ER said just viral and follow up with regular doc.  Finally, patient slept that night from 2am til 11:30am.  He was asleep on me, so I called his doc after we woke up.  No appts available, which was yesterday.  He was finally seen by them again today.  CBC and strep and mono test.  CBC still shows viral infection and strep and mono are negative. Most red dots are gone now.  Low grade fever intermittent since it spiked on 3/17/15. He is not as fussy, but still not his unusually good natured happy self.  He still won't let me put him down most times.
Patient received vaccine on 3-4-15 due to hospital employee policy change. Patient had titers drawn and were negative. Patient woke up in the middle of the night of 3-11-15 with right jaw pain and swelling. Patient was seen at medical clinic on 3-12-15. Trimethoprim 100mg was given to patient. Patient was required to stay home from work due to working in a health care facility. Patient was then seen again on 3-14-15 to follow up. At that time, the patient's symptoms had resolved.
Within 30 min of vaccine neuralgia in administered arm, Left, started occurring spreading to the fingertips including pins and needles, weakness and pain.  About one hour later spread to left leg.  Continues at this time 3/20/2015 at 11:00 AM.  Additionally, at about 11:30 pm 3/19/15 started with intermittent severe right ear pain that with each episode lasting less than 30 seconds.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 30-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician refers to a 17 year old female patient. The patient supposed to receive a second dose of M-M-R II, a second dose of VARIVAX and an unspecified meningococcal vaccine on 27-FEB-2015. The patient received M-M-R II, and unspecified meningococcal vaccines but she was inadvertently administered ZOSTAVAX instead of (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX second dose, lot # K020801, expiration date: 31-JAN-2016, (dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse events reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
3/3/15 poss reaction to vaccine no appetite-rash all over body fussy-and diarrhea.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 53 year old female patient with no pertinent medical history/drug allergies or drug reactions reported. On an unknown date, when the patient was child the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II (route, dose, lot# and expiration date were not provided). On 24-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated inadvertently with a booster dose of MMR II, intramuscular (dose, lot# and expiration date were not reported). On the same date, after received the vaccine, the patient experienced vomiting. Concomitant therapies included ZOLOFT and MOBIC. The outcome of vomiting was reported as recovered/resolved on 24-FEB-2015. The reporter physician considered that the vomiting was related to the concomitant medications, and not related with MMR II. Additional information is not expected since there is not authorization to contact the physician.
Had injections on 2/17/15 and 2 days later noticed welts on her lower arms.
Pt with fever 102 degrees post vaccine -> (B) otitis media -> AMOXIL 11 days post vaccination, pt with temp 100.1 previous OM but developed papular rash to chest -> neck -> cheeks -> trunk; spared extremities. Abx's d/c but rash progressed in few of the papular vesicles; no pustules. Rash resolved 5 days.
Yesterday seen in ER for rash and hives, rash was dx as viral and urticaria. Pt was rx with Zyrtec.
Client reports sharp pains in abdomen area that last up to a few hours.  Reports approximately 3 times a day being in the morning, around dinner time and again in the evening before bed.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a female patient of unknown age (reported as an employee at her hospital). The patient believed that she was vaccinated with M-M-R II as a child but she could not produce written immunization record for previous doses and to meet hospital's requirement. On 02-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose (reported as the first dose) of M-M-R II (0.5 ml, subcutaneous (SQ), lot# and expiration date were not reported) and on 23-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an additional dose (reported as the second dose) of M-M-R II (0.5 ml, subcutaneous (SQ), lot# and expiration date were not reported). It was reported that, two doses were administered less than 28 days apart and that the second dose was administered too soon. No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 05-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 05-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 05-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 06-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Swollen lymph nodes - left year.
Began showing a rash starting at neck then by 3pm it was full body and temp of 101.9 was taken. I called Dr. and they said no problem it was a reaction I called back at 3 pm when temp reached 102 and my child was nauseous and lethargic at 8 pm I called and they said watch him closely through the night and bring him a 8 am to Dr. office unless breathing stopped or became labored before that point or fever reached 104 or higher. At this point he was sleeping hard with a 102 fever and very tired but responsive. At this appt we were tested for strep and Scarlett Fever which were both positive. we were given antibiotics for these illnesses. After 7 days on antibiotic March 17th 2015  my child began running a high temperature of 100.2 vomitting and began diarrhea which has continued on till 03/22/2015 with no relief we will be seeing Dr. tomorrow.
Information has been received from a nurse practitioner referring to a 24 year old female patient. The patient had no pertinent medical history and no drug allergies. On 28-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) injection (dose, route and lot number were not reported). Other suspect therapies included a dose of M-M-R II (dose, route and lot number were not reported) on the same date. There was no concomitant therapy. Subsequently the patient was determined to be pregnant with last menstrual period (LMP) of 29-JAN-2015 and estimated date of delivery (EDD) of 05-NOV-2015. A home pregnancy test performed on an unknown date in 2015 was positive and then a prenatal ultrasound in the office confirmed the pregnancy. No problems reported. It was reported that no treatment was given to the patient. At the time of this report, the patient had a gestation of 4 weeks. The pregnancy outcome was unknown. Additional information is not expected since the reporter is not allowed to be contacted.
Approximately 15 mins after injection, felt very hot, flushed, anxious. Symptoms resolved 15 mins after taking BENADRYL 25mg.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown demography. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 06-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored PROQUAD (dose, frequency and route unspecified) (lot number: K011314 with expiry date of 14-FEB-2015, the PROQUAD was exposed to 34.4 Fahrenheit temperature which was outside the recommended condition (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects (no adverse event) were reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality of the events with PROQUAD was not reported. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 23-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 26-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a 25 year old female register nurse referring to herself. Concurrent conditions, medical history and allergies were not reported. The patient's historical drug included a measles virus vaccine live (manufacturer unknown) vaccination on an unknown date in 1994. The reporter stated that on 17-FEB-2015, while she was drawing up a M-M-R II (strength, lot number and expiration date were not reported), vaccine to administered to a patient I drew up the diluent and was pushing the diluent into the powder part of the vaccine and I think there was some pressure (inside the vial with the powder) and I heard a pop and the needle came apart from the hub of the syringe and either just the diluent and some of the vaccine splashed out onto my scrubs. The reporter indicated that it did not get on her skin and did not splash into her face, eyes or mucous membranes. It was unknown if there was any laboratory data. No concomitant therapies were reported. Additional information is not expected, because the reporter did not consent further follow up.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not provided. The registered nurse stated that doses of M-M-R II (dose, route, lot number and expiry date were not reported), were exposed to a supported temperature excursion and administered to unspecified patients since the excursion occurred on 17-FEB-2015. No adverse experience has been reported. There was no concomitant medication provided. This is one of two reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare student refers to a 2 year old female patient without pertinent medical history and with hypersensitivity to amoxicillin. On 09-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX, (strength, dose, frequency and anatomical location were not reported), subcutaneous, (lot number reported as K007781; expiration date: 28-MAY-2016). Other suspect therapies included a dose of M-M-R II, (strength, dose, frequency and anatomical location were not reported), subcutaneous injection, (lot number reported as J013316; expiration date: 22-OCT-2015) and INFANRIX (GlaxoSmithKline), (strength, dose, frequency, route, anatomical location and indication were not reported). There were no concomitant therapies. On 15-FEB-2015, the patient experienced rash maculo-papular on an unspecified area of her body which was continuing to evolve and was currently on her face, trunk, diaper area and legs. On 16-FEB-2015, the patient experienced body temperature increased with a maximum of temperature of 39.7 degrees C (103.5 degrees Fahrenheit) on 18-FEB-2015. Patient continued to have an elevate temperature. On 19-FEB-2015, the patient sought medical attention through office visit and an unspecified lab studies were prescribed but the results were not available. It was reported that no treatment was given for the adverse events. The outcome of body temperature increased and rash maculo-papular was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The relatedness between body temperature increase and rash maculo-papular and therapy with (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX, M-M-R II and INFANRIX (GlaxoSmithKline) was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Macular-papular rash develops on 3/5/15 continuously on abdomen, neck, back and both arms. The rashes are erythematous and itchy. Negative for pain, cough, fever, diarrhea, joint swelling, vomiting, lymphadenopathy and wheezing.
Mom called stating pt. had local reaction at injection site 10 days after vaccine was administered SC/LT. (See 13-A for lot #).
This spontaneous report was received from a physician refers to a 17 year old female patient. The patient supposed to receive a second dose of M-M-R II, a second dose of (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX and an unspecified meningococcal vaccine on 27-FEB-2015. The patient received M-M-R II, and unspecified meningococcal vaccines but she was inadvertently administered ZOSTAVAX instead of (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX second dose, lot # K020801, expiration date: 31-JAN-2016, (dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse events reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Patient received vaccine on 2/17/15 SQ in the left arm. On 2/19/15, patient reported a burning sensation and tender to touch in the tricept region of the left arm from the armpit to the elbow. No rash, irritation, swelling, or redness was noted. Patient was still experiencing symptoms as of 3/20/15. Patient tried using aloe, Neosporin, lotion, hot pack and Aleve for the symptoms with no improvement.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse practitioner concerning to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history or concurrent conditions were reported. On 05-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (dose, strength, dose number, route af administration and lot number were not provided). No co-suspect or concomitant therapies were reported. Previous to administration, on an unspecified date, the vaccine was exposed to temperatures of 14.0 C for 4 hours and 30 minutes. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse practitioner concerning to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history or concurrent conditions were reported. On 09-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored MMR II (dose, strength, dose number, route of administration and lot number were not provided). No co-suspect or concomitant therapies were reported. Previous to administration, on an unspecified date, the vaccine was exposed to temperatures of 14.0 C for 4 hours and 30 minutes. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a health care worker refers to a 4 month old patient. Patient medical history and current condition was not reported. On 09-MAR-2015 the 4 month old patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II vaccine of dose 0.5 ml via subcutaneous route outside the prescribing information. No adverse effect was reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. Additional informatino has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse practitioner concerning to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history or concurrent conditions were reported. On 09-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (dose, strength, dose number, route ad administration and lot number were not provided). No co-suspect or concomitant therapies were reported. Previous to administration, on an unspecified date, the vaccine was exposed to temperatures of 14.0 C for 4 hours and 30 minutes. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Patient given MMR II on 2/10/15. Started with arthralgia on 2/19/15. 2/27/15 seen by MD with constant c/o arthralgias of knees, ankles, hands and elbow. Patient to take ADVIL and f/u in 1 week.
Patient received the varicella (VARIVAX) SQ (R) arm on 3/9/15. On 3/11/15 - pt. mom noticed redness with edema to (R) upper arm at site of injection. Area tender/warm to touch.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 23-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report as received from a nurse refers to a female patient of unknown age. No medical history and current conditions were reported. On 10-FEB-2015, the patient at her six to eight weeks gestation, was vaccinated with VARIVAX (Merck) dose 1, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous and with M-M-R II (0.5 ml, dose 1, subcutaneous) on the same day. The Last menstrual period (LMP) and estimated date of delivery (EDD) are not reported. No lab data was reported. Patient sought medical attention, called to the physician's office. The outcome of exposure during pregnancy was unknown. Pregnancy outcome was pending. No further information was provided. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse practitioner concerning to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical or concurrent conditions were reported. On 05-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (dose, strength, dose number, route of administration and lot number were not provided). No co-suspect or concomitant therapies were reported. Previous to administration, on an unspecified date, the vaccine was exposed to temperatures of 14.0 C for 4 hours and 30 minutes. No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Mom noted itching of R deltoid area as well as heat in the evening.  This morning, noted that it persisted.  Seen today for PPD read.  PPD negative, but also noted to have persistent itching, redness, swelling near R deltoid area measuring about 9.5x 9 cm.  Non-tender, warm to touch.  Otherwise, normal exam.  Treated mainly with ice at home.  Started treatement with oral anithistamines after clinic visit.
Vomiting and fever.
Employee states itching to left hand began Wednesday afternoon, no rash noted. Thursday AM woke up with headache, rash on nose cheek, and left hand. Not reported to Employee health until employee presented Friday @ 9;45 am. Presented with red rash to left cheek, nose, around mouth. Itching to scalp, rash with blisters to left hand. Employee stated itching was intensifying and felt achy along with having a headache. Employee states felt voice was raspy and maybe needed her inhaler. Employee not in acute respiratory distress. Resps easy and regular. Employee sent to ED for medical evaluation and treatment of symptoms. On 3/25 Employee reports she saw PCP after rash worsened and became more generalized despite completing Medrol pack prescribed in ED. Employee states she was referred to Dermatologist where she received a steroid shot and cream. States MD said rash may be related to vaccine but was not certain. Employee states rash generalized to extremities trunk and face with weeping to some areas.
Tiny red bumps on torso, buttock, chin, legs and arms.  Looks like he was poked with a needle all over.  Heat made rash worse, per mother. 03/23/15: Pediatric Exam: GENERAL APPEARANCE: alert, active, no distress, well hydrated. SKIN: macular papular eruption primarily trunk but evidence on face and extremities. No bruising. EARS: TMs pearly grey. NECK: no lymphadenopathy. No treatment.
Diffuse erythema, vomiting, hypothermia, wheezing, anaphylaxis concerning.
Hives and swelling. Antibiotics, steroids.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to an unspecified number of patient of unknown age and gender. On an unknown dates since 16-FEB-2015, the patients were vaccinated with an unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II, subcutaneous (dose and lot number were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a physician and a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 10-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II, lot # K002527, expiration date: 18-FEB-2016, dosage and route unspecified. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Fever and leg pain on night of vaccination, difficulty sleeping at night two days after vaccination, Fever continues, Swelling of inguinal lymph glands about 7 days post vaccination, Fever of 100.0 on 03/26/15.
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a 28 year old female patient. The patient was not pregnant. Concomitant therapies and medical histories were not reported. On 06-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # K005574, expiration date 17-APR-2016, 0.5 ml) subcutaneously. Concomitant therapies were not reported. In the morning of 23-FEB-2015, the patient broke out in a rash on both of her arms. No treatment was given for the adverse events. None lab diagnostics were performed. The patient sought medical attention by calling her pharmacist on 23-FEB-2015. The outcome of the event was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
MMR #1 given 13Feb2015. On 24 Feb pt developed blood fr. nasopharynx coughed up blood, also nausea, decreased focus and migraine and a lump under chin, seen in urgent care on 25 Feb pt had fever 102 intermittent until about 27 Feb and rash over trunk, extremities. 3 and 4 March pt reports flare up of rash.
Huge knot on the left thigh with redness and heat and swelling.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse practitioner concerning to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history or concurrent conditions were reported. On 05-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (dose, strength, dose number, route of administration and lot number were not provided). No co-suspect or concomitant therapies were reported. Previous to administration, on an unspecified date, the vaccine was exposed to temperatures of 14.0 C for 4 hours and 30 minutes. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker (also reported as nurse) refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent conditions, medical history and allergies were not reported. On 07-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, (strength, dose, route and anatomical location were not reported), (lot # J006995, expiration date: 14-JUN-2015), which was incorrect stored since 02-DEC-2014. No adverse effects were reported and no product quality complaint (PQC) was filled. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Given MMR vaccine 3/3/15. Did well until 3/12/15 when rash appeared. Rash maculopapular, generalized, on exam 3/13/15. Per mother lower lip swollen, eyes swollen prior to BENADRYL shot 3/13/15.
Morbilliform rash on face, trunck and extremitites, fever to 101 degrees F, sweats.
Information has been received from a physician assistant and a nurse referring to an 28 year old male patient. Patient had a history of a reaction of nausea and vomiting to VICODIN. On 29-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with his first dose of M-M-R II injection, 0.5ml, lot # J008534, expiration date 12-JUL-2015, subcutaneously in the right deltoid. This was the patient's first vaccine in entire life. Concomitant therapies included RITALIN. The physician assistant reported that on 11-FEB-2015, the patient experienced a rash which began on his face described as little, red areas which were individual fine papules and small lesions, looked more like a vial rash and discoloration of skin. And the rash did not itch and rash was also on the patient's torso, front, back and upper arms and very slightly on legs on this day. The patient had a sore throat for a couple of weeks since an unspecified date and a fever for 24 hours since an unspecified date before the rash appeared. The patient was treating himself with ibuprofen for his fever. The patient sought medical attention at student health center on 11-FEB-2015. The outcome of the events was not reported. The causality was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Malaise. Facial flushing/bosy flushing. Body aches. Feeling hot. Has goosebumps.
I had hot and cold sweats. I had body pain all over. It have me a fever and a constant headache.
Pt. came in for office visit with complaint of a rash, patient had vesicles on skin and was diagnosed with vaccine induced varicella.
Progressive diarrhea leading to C. diff.
Morning after vaccine developed itching, redness, swelling (R) shoulder at injection site. No fevers. Resolving with ice and ibuprofen. Red area measures 6 cm
Patient experienced redness and swelling of upper left thigh following vaccination. Symptoms started the morning after. F/U with Dr. on 3/16, given BENADRYL liquid and Fluocinolone Acetonide topical oil.
Vaccines administered 11:44 am, MMR in (L) vastus lateralis, PCV 13 upper (R) vastus lateralis, Hep A bottom (R) vastus. Premedicated with 3/4 tsp BENADRYL, 3/4 tsp ADVIL at 11:35 am. At 11:53 am, significant swelling and redness to (R) vastus worse around upper site. 3 diameter. Circular induration. Gone at 12:05p after 1/4 tsp BENADRYL given at 12:00p.
Full body rash.
This spontaneous report as received from a health care worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information about medical history, concurrent conditions were reported for the patient. On 13-MAR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II lot # H017435, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously that expired on 20-SEP-2014. The reporter stated that dose was supported by the patient. No adverse experience reported. The outcome of events reported is unknown. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
16Mar15 patient reported to work area to show reaction to injection site on left arm (deltoid area). Large/red/raised area noted (2.5 x 3.5). Patient reported rxn started approx Saturday (3/14/15) night after injections. BENADRYL taken. Patient instructed to report to local hospital for evaluation. Patient en route for evaluation. Updated MEDPROS MR.
This spontaneous report as received from the patient's grandfather refers to a 1 year old female patient with no allergies or drug reactions history. On 13-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II, subcutaneous (dose, lot # and expiration date were not provided). On 13-MAR-2015, the patient experienced muscle tightness. At the time of the report the outcome of muscle tightness was reported as recovered. The patient subsequently experienced an underdose while she was vaccinated with (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (MARRS 1503USA008473). This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a health professional refers to a 12 month old female patient. No pertinent medical history or any known allergies were reported. On 17-MAR-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with PROQUAD (Merck), IPV (unspecified) and M-M-R II. Patient's parent stated that the patient was fussy before nap time. Patient sought medical attention and nurse was called. No lab diagnostic studies were performed. No treatment was given for the adverse events. Outcome of the events were unknown. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. Causality assessment was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
Within 5 minutes, developed herpetic non-blanching rash bilateral face. No other sx.
Cellulitis 9 cm x 6 cm surrounding vaccine sites on (L) thigh.
Patient received the MMR vaccine at the pediatrician's recommendation on March 4th, 2015. On the ninth day following the shot, March 13th, she developed a fever and seemed 'not well', then started having diarrhea the next morning, March 14th. She had a fever most of March 13th-15th, and it lingered on and off through the 17th. The diarrhea was extremely foul and runny and around 10+ times a day from March 14th-March 16th. It has remained runny and FOUL, (I know that diarrhea doesn't smell good, but this is the worst I've ever smelled, and I have 3 children and have taken care of them when sick for 13 years now, this smells different) still, but since the 17th, it's only 1-4 times per day. We've tried the BRAT diet, and it didn't help, plus she's become picky about food, so I'm basically feeding her whatever she will eat. When I called the nurse advice line, I was told 'She probably just picked up a virus, just let it run it's course.' ... There are 5 people in my house, and no one else has been sick. At all.  I have not taken her to a hospital yet for this, because it doesn't seem to be life-threatening, however, if her docotor or someone doesn't help me get her straightened out soon, or it doesn't just clear up on it's own, I will be taking her for testing. Going on 3 weeks of diarrhea for such a little child, I know she can't possibly be absorbing any nutrients at this point.
Intense stomach distress; pain and diarrhea x 6 days. Intense itching-arms, abdomen, neck, back, legs, headache x 6 days. Joint pain-increased loss of sense of taste-lasting 12 days. Swollen cervical lymph nodes-bilateral-still generally felt awful-fluish x 6 days.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 12-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (dose 0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot # J000202, expiration date 09-JAN-2015). No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complain (PQC) was not involved. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from nurse concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. No known history condition and drug allergies. On 18-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX and VAQTA (dose, route, lot # and expiration date unknown). The reporter stated that after administering, some of the vaccine dripped out of the injection site. No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
High fever, fussiness, rash, not acting herself. Received MMR#1, varicella #1, PCV13#4 on 2/18/14. On 3/1 fever, rash. Completely better 3/10/15.
Angioedema on 3-26-15 upon waking; epinephrine prednisone and Benadryl. Has had 3 more reactions 3-28-15 lip swelling, 3-30-15 lip and eye swelling upon waking, and 3-31-15 hives upon waking; all treated with Benadryl.
Employee from agency called 3/19/15 explaining pt had red in area of injections in left arm, as well as rashes and itching since vaccination was given. Has been taking BENADRYL and has been working. Informed to see dr. if problem worsens or does not go away.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II expiration date 12-MAR-2015, subcutaneous. No adverse event was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 16-MAR-2015, the patient was administered an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II injection, lot # K008814, expiry date; 19-JUN-2016, (dose and route were not reported). No adverse events were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. No concurrent or historical conditions were reported. On 09-MAR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (dose unspecified in series) (lot # J008154, expiration date: 08-JUL-2015, subcutaneous, 0.5 ml, once). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
3/15/15 patient received a IPV on left thigh. Mother states next day it was 2x2 and raised. Thursday gave bath and tried to squeeze it. Friday it was 4x4 at daycare. Today 3/23/15 it is gone. The site was warm but there wasn't any pain.
10 days post immunization, pt had 3 days of fever, body aches, joint aches (shoulders, knees and hips). 4 (0-10) with extended ROM - TYLENOL for fever, aches, pain. Sx all resolved 3 days later in f/u call.
Developed hives and facial swelling the afternoon after receiving vaccines treated w/ BENADRYL and resolved w/i 8 hrs.
After receipt of the MMR, she had a few sips of a Starbucks caramel Macchiato (contains espresso (coffee), vanilla, milk and caramel - she added nothing else). Approximately 30 minutes following immunization, she noted flushing and intense itching of her palms, then feet, then scalp. Within about 5 minutes, she noted throat tightness and perhaps a degree of chest tightness, she denies cough or wheeze, and coworkers noted facial flushing/blotching. On the way back to medical, throat tightness worsened and she felt her tongue was swelling. In the clinic she observed to have flushing over face and between eyes; both conjunctivas were injected; there were pinpoint red spots on neck and hands and palms of hands were very red. Bottom of feet were somewhat red. There was 1 fresh hive on her back; chest clear; throat and vulva normal; no obvious distress except for itching. She was treated with epinephrine (IM), BENADRYL (PO) and ALLEGRA (PO) 1 hr after receipt of vaccine. She was observed for 1.5 hours, by which time all the signs and symptoms had cleared and she was released with an EpiPen.
Bruising, red, hot on injection site. Started Thu. Monday was better. Ice pack and TYLENOL.
Significant thigh (R) swelling and pain persisting 5 days post vaccination. Painful to touch and to walk as well. Tx - MOTRIN recommended.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 16-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of the several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Right arm rash and swelling to VZV vaccine. Not reported for two weeks.
This spontaneous report as received from a consumer refers to a 11 year old male patient. The patient's medical history was not reported. On 25-FEB-2015, the patient was in the physicians's office to receive M-M-R II (albumin status not provided), GARDASIL and unspecified tetanus toxoid vaccine (lot #, dose, route and site of administration were not provided for all the vaccines). The patient received 2 out of the 3 vaccines during the visit. The nurse administering the vaccines informed that the patient received M-M-R II and tetanus toxoid vaccine. On 25-FEB-2015, after administration of the 2 vaccines, the patient's face became pale white and he passed out. When the patient regained consciousness, he vomited. No medical treatment was given for the adverse events. The outcome of loss of consciousness, vomiting and pallor was unknown. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II and GARDASIL was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a 4 year old female patient. Patient had none relevant medical history. No drug reactions or allergies were reported. On 12-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a first dose of MMR II (lot # K011317, expiration date: 13-AUG-2016) dose 1, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously. Concomitant medication was not reported. On 12-FEB-2015, also reported as over the weekend, the patient developed a fever of 103.4F, she was lethargic with no appetite and was unable to sleep. The patient's mother called the office and spoke with the physician, but any recommended treatment was unspecified. She stated that the patient developed a rash on her torso, which spread to her back, abdomen and then her face. She stated that the physician performed blood work and tested her CBC, which came back normal (on an unknown date in February 2015). No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. On 23-FEB-2015, the patient recovered from fever (the patient's fever was gone). The outcome of the other events was reported as recovering. The reporting nurse stated that the rash was still present but was very faint. The relatedness between the events and MMR II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Broke out in blisters to sites of vaccination of MMR and Varicella. Pain at both SQ sites bilat. arms.  Loss of appetite for a few days.  Also had blister on Right lower leg. All sites scabbing over at time of exam on 03/19/2015.  Anti-bacterial ointment to blisters to avoid infection.
None.
Was in office 3/11, had 12 m shots and developed little fever, then a couple days ago (3/19/2015) started to develop a red bump where VARIVAX vaccine was given, 3/21/2015 also has cold symptoms and a bad cough also-was evaluated in office found to have left thigh mid lateral region with 4 x 1.6 cm diam area of erythema, sl induration, tender to palpation, no fluctuance, no streaking erythema-found to have sterile abscess after vaccine-plan to monitor closely, refer to surgery for eval if increases. Followed up on 3/24/2015 and abscess is getting smaller and less red.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report as received from a physician refers to a 33 year old pregnant female patient. The patent had no pertinent medical history. No drug reactions or allergies were reported. On 27-FEB-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (therapy type was not reported) (dose, frequency and route of administration were not provided, indication was reported as vaccination) (lot # was reported as K007982 and expiration date: 03-JUN-2016) and a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (dose, frequency and route of administration were not provided, indication was reported as vaccination) (lot # was reported as K007982 and expiration date: 03-JUN-2016). Concomitant medication was not reported. The patient became pregnant with last menstrual period (LMP) reported as 12-FEB-2015 and estimated date of delivery (EDD) calculated as 19-NOV-2015. The patient did not know she was pregnant at the time of vaccination. Unspecified urine test was performed on an unknown date (results were not provided), The patent sought medical attention. She visited physician on an unknown date (approximately in 2015). No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. The outcome of the events was reported as not recovered. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker (medical assistant) concerning a 60 week old child. On 16-MAR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a 0.5 ml dose of MMR II (lot # J002866, expired date 12-MAR-2015) subcutaneously in the left lower thigh. No adverse effects reported at this time. Additional information is not expected as we were not permitted to contact the reporter.
Red, swollen area approx size of 50 cent piece at injection site - iced and reduced within 15 min assessed by physician with good report and released home with mother.
Pink, solid rash on back of neck for first four days.  On 3/12/15 I noticed distinct red spots on his neck, head, and upper chest.  The spots lasted for 3 days.  Also had a low-fever (101 F) with the spots.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse (also reported as healthcare worker) refers to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. Concurrent conditions, medical history and allergies were not reported. Since 04-FEB-2015, an unspecified number of patients were vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, (strength, dose, route, anatomical location, lot number and expiration date were not reported), which were incorrect stored. No adverse effects were reported and no product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a 45 year old patient of unknown gender. patient's concurrent conditions, concomitant medication and medical history were not provided. On 23-MAR-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with a first dose of M-M-R II (subcutaneous, lot # J002866, 0.5ml once) that had expired on 12-MAR-2015. No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a 17 month old patient of unknown gender. Information about patient's current condition or medical history was not reported. The nurse reported that the patient received the first dose of M-M-R II (lot# not reported, 0.5ml, subcutaneously), at 14 months of age, on 18-DEC-2014 and the second dose of M-M-R II (lot# not reported, 0.5ml, subcutaneously), at 17 months of age, on 23-MAR-2015. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a licensed nurse practitioner refers to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On an unknown date the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose volume, lot number, expiry date were not reported). No adverse events were reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Papulovesicular rases (scattered lesion) noted on 3/12/15 (10 days after immunization). Fever with rash and nasal congestion. Erythematous some time swelling at swelling of injection also noted on 3/11/15.
This spontaneous report as received from an unspecified reporter refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (route, dose, frequency and lot # not reported) which underwent an excursion (on an unspecified date). This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a licensed practical nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 18-MAR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously, expiration date 12-MAR-2015 (lot# was not reported). The reporter stated that the dose was supported. No adverse experience was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Fever, maculopapular rash.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to a 17 month old patient of unknown gender. In November 2014, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (lot#, dose and route for both products were not reported). On 23-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX again. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Redness, swelling on the injection site-53mm. Overall fatigue, headache. T99.1.
This spontaneous report as received from a licensed practical nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The nurse reported that, on 16-MAR-2015, the patient was administered with an expired dose of M-M-R II, lot # J003002, expiration date: 14-MAR-2015, albumin status: HSA, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous. No adverse events were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a health professional refers to unspecified patients of unknown demographics. On unspecified dates these patients were administered with unspecified doses of MMR II (lot # and expiry date unspecified) which was improperly stored throughout March 2015. No adverse effects were reported. Outcome of the event was unknown. Reporting health professional considered the event to be not related to MMR II. This is one of several reports from the same reporter (MARRS # 1503USA013938, MARRS # 1503USA014260, MARRS # 1503USA014261, MARRS # 1503USA014262, MARRS # 1503USA014264 and MARRS # 1503USA014265. Additional information has been requested.
Vaccine administered 1/26/2015. Discussed events with patient on 3/16/2015 following inquiry about whether to get a second dose of MMR. Patient recovered at the time of report. On 1/27/15, following 1/26/2015, patient reported having very sore arms, high fever and chills; unable to go to work for 3 days due to symptoms. Also reported fatigue, lack of appetite. Improvement for 'several days' then experienced onset of extreme fatigue and rash development. Rash was all over body and very itchy, and started on chest. Rash resolved after three days. Total course of not feeling well approx. two weeks. No doctor visits or assessment of rash at time of symptoms. Wife with previous record of MMR vaccination, reported a small rash following patient rash onset, 3 days later.
This spontaneous report as received from a Registered Nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 23-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II with lot # K002816 (expiration date, dose, route, frequency and indication were not reported) that experienced a temperature excursion, which was later supported as well. There was no concomitant medication reported. At the time of the report, the patient's status was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Instantly red and whelped at injection sites. Watched for 10 min. 2 whelps at injection sites. Given BENADRYL.
Information has been received from a pharmacist from a pharmacist concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding the concurrent conditions and medical history was not reported. On 15-MAR-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot # H015833, expiration date 24-AUG-2014; route and dose not reported). No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Red area below shot site 11 x 12 cm red areas on both arms, face and genital area, red, raised whelp areas.
This spontaneous report as received from a Registered Nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 23-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II lot number J014872 (expiration date, dose, route, frequency and indication were not reported) that experienced a temperature excursion, which was later supported as well. There was no concomitant medication reported. At the time of the report, the patient's status was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Registered Nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 23-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II with lot # J014876 (expiration date, dose, route, frequency and indication were not reported) that experienced a temperature excursion, which was later supported as well. There was no concomitant medication reported. At the time of the report, the patient's status was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
None stated.
This spontaneous report as received from a female patient of unknown age concerning herself. Information about patient's medical history was not provided. On 20-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a fourth dose of M-M-R II (therapy type, dose, frequency, route of administration and lot # were not reported), because her titer was seronegative after 3 previous doses of M-M-R II (date of laboratory test unspecified). No concomitant medication was reported. No treatment was given for adverse event. No additional laboratory tests were performed. The patient did not seek medical attention. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. The outcome of the evert was unknown. The relatedness between the event and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Fever, Charley-horse cramping, bodyaches, sniffles, headache.
Patient complained of redness, swelling and tenderness at injection site in Left arm. Patient was treated with Keflex 500 mg every 12 hours for 7 days. Apply ice to the site and take 600 mg of Ibuprofen for pain.
Local Redness and Swelling 70mm in Diameter. Mother denied trying any treatment and appointment made with PCM.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-MAR-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered an expired dose of MMR II inject, lot # H017432, expiry date: 20-SEP-2014, (dose and route were not reported). No adverse effect reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant, refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not provided. On 31-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with expired dose of MMR II, lot # J003623, expiry date 22-MAR-2015, 0.5 milliliter (ml), subcutaneously, for an unknown indication. No symptoms reported. The outcome of events was unknown. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. No other details were provided. Additional information is not expected.
Pt woke up on 3/23/15 with fever of 102 degrees F and pimple-like rash on neck. Over the next several hours, pt developed red macular-papular rash on face, neck, abd, chest, back and groin. Pt has been more tired with rash. Also, started with clear nasal drainage on 3/23/15. Pt seen in office on 3/26/15, afebrile. No changes with rash.
This spontaneous report as received from a certified medical assistant (C.M.A.) refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (dose 0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot # H018948, expiration date 18-OCT-2014). No adverse effect was reported. Product quality complain (PQC) was not involved. Additional information has been requested.
Fever 99.5-101.5. Seizure. Lethargy, decreased appetite x 1-3 days.
Pt had vaccines on 3/27/15 and broke out in a rash on her torso and thighs on 3/30/15.
04/2/15 swollen and reddened midday.
Tdap was ordered, but Dtap was given.  No adverse reactions noted, parent of patient notified.
Blanchable erythematous macules on trunk, 3-5 mm indurated confluent, 1-2 cm of erythema with 2-3 raised papules on the (R) lateral thigh.
This spontaneous report as received from a Licensed Practical Nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 29-JAN-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered an expired dose of M-M-R II (expiration date: 09-JAN-2015). No adverse effects were noted. Additional information has been requested.
3/25 fever started.  Treated with alternating infant Tylenol and infant Advil every 3 hours.  Fever lasted 9 days on and off.  Runny/stuffy nose and cough (cold) started 3/26.  Rash started 3/29.  Pink eye started 4/1/15.  Taken to urgent care on 4/1/15.  Diagnosed with pink eye and double ear infection.  On 4/2 the rash seemed better, but on 4/4 it was worse, then looked better again on 4/5.  On 4/6 she still has a small rash, stuffy/runny nose.
Mother reports a pruritic rash that began on his face within hours of receiving the immunizations, the rash then spread to the remainder of his body. No other issues reported. Arrived 4/7/15 for treatment of the rash.
Pox like lesions at site of injection and subsequently spread to trunk.
Integumentary exam: (L) leg anterior thigh blanchable, erythematous area with small papules in the middle 3.5 cm x 2 cm (R) anterior thigh rash 2.5 cm x 1.5 cm, blanches, erythematous 1 papule in center-per Dr.
Developed pruritic rash within 24 hours exam otherwise unremarkable.
Pt. had 1 1/2-2 inches red raised bump on her (R) arm SQ adverse reaction to injection. Varicella VIS 3/13/08.
MMR given on 3/26/15. Rash started 4/6/15, widespread by 4/7/15. No treatment needed.
Developed high fever ~104, lasted 7 days treated using Motrin / Tylenol. Transient upper trunk and facial rash on 3/08/2015. Swollen parotid glands and petechiae noticed on 3/11/2015, brought to Dr's. office who diagnosed strep infection, which was negative.  Started azithromycin evening of 3/11/2015. Partial SEIZURE* (actual adverse event) observed on 3/12/2015, lasting 60-90 seconds:  lip smacking, inappropriate giggling, staring off, not responding appropriately, then immediately and abruptly fell asleep, had no remembrance of the episode. Got second opinion who diagnosed vaccine reaction.
According to patient's mother on 4/8/15, patient developed a fever the evening of his vaccines. The fever which was as high as 104 degrees, lasted about 2 weeks. He also developed a facial rash and eye swelling the day after the vaccines. The rash lasted approximately 1 1/2 wks. He also had nasal congestion. He previously had a fever following vaccines on 9/2/14. Mother treated him naturally with sponge baths of water and vinegar. He did not see a doctor.
This spontaneous report as received from a Licensed Practical Nurse refers to 2 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical histories and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 10-MAR-2015, the patients were vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (administration route, lot number and expiration date were not provided). No concomitant therapies were reported. The reporting nurse stated that the vaccines were reconstituted using an expired diluent (lot number: H015687 and expiration date: October 2014). The nurse also confirmed that the vaccines were not expired. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of two reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Licensed Practical Nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 27-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (administration route, lot number and expiration date were not provided). No concomitant therapies were reported. The reporting nurse stated that the vaccine was reconstituted using an expired diluent (lot number: H015687 and expiration date: October 2014). The nurse also confirmed that the vaccine itself was not expired. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of two reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Papules on hands, increased next day to include hands, feet and face, seen 4/6/15 in office with papular vesicular rash face, hands, feet primarily, few on neck and trunk, buttock. Diagnosed Gianotti Crostti.
Patient states he had a severe local reaction following vaccination with Tdap, with red, swollen, painful right arm from shoulder to elbow, swollen axillary lymph nodes, and a streak of bruising following a superficial vein down to his wrist.
Pt reported dizziness and chest discomfort. Pt medications she was taking are Linsinopril, Zocor and Synthroid. Pt requested MMR/VZV/Td or Tdap to fullfill requierments for a green card.
No adverse reaction occurred after vaccine was given.
Left thigh was red, warm to the touch, and swollen from upper thigh to knee.  The child would not bend his knee no fever. Mom iced the leg and gave Motrin.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified patient of unknown age. On 30-MAR-2015 the patient received an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot# J002867, expiration date:08-MAR-2015, strength, route and dose were unknown). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
Left thigh approximately 8cm area marked w/ erythema approximately 6cm. Tender to palpation. Ambulating. No fever. Local reaction.
Febrile seizure.
Patient with hives face, ears, neck, chest, trunk. Vomited x1. BENADRYL 12.5mg/5ml, 5ml PO x1 hives responding within 5-10 min.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a female (non-pregnant) patient of unknown age. No concurrent conditions or medical history were provided. On 28-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II injection, administered 0.5 ml subcutaneously in the right arm (lot # K001231 with expiry date 27-JAN-2016 and albumin status: HSA). No concomitant medications were reported. On 30-MAR-2015, the patient developed a pimple on her neck, pain in her throat, pain in the arm that was vaccinated (painful right arm), diarrhea, fever of 99F, itchy tummy and behind, restlessness and also the patient could not sleep. The patient sought medical attention, she called pharmacy and the pharmacist advised her to go to an urgent care clinic. The patient did not go to urgent care but did take 500 mg of acetaminophen as treatment. The pharmacist stated that all symptoms resolved on 31-MAR-2015, except the diarrhea. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a health professional refers to a patient of unknown demographics. On 23-MAR-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # J014873, expiry date: 21-NOV-2015), .5 ml, subcutaneous. No adverse effects were reported. Outcome of the event was unknown. Reporting health professional considered the event to be not related to M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
At first he complained of being very weak. For three days he kept complaining of being weak and just layed around. On the third day he started developing some sort of rash/bumps on his jaw line. It took 3 weeks for it to clear up. I didn't realize he had a reaction until about a week after the vaccine, by this time his symptoms were starting to clear up, so I decided not to contact his Dr.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a patient of unknown age and gender who on 06-APR-2015 was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K001230, expiration date 27-JAN-2016), 0.5 ml, subcutaneous. No adverse effects reported. It was unknown if the patient sought medical attention. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a patient of unknown age and gender who on 06-APR-2015 was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K001230, expiration date 27-JAN-2016), 0.5 ml, subcutaneous. No adverse effects reported. It was unknown if the patient sought medical attention. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Presented 3/30/15 with 2 day Hx of diffuse rash/generalized. 4 days prior had low grade fever, cough, runny nose. Had MMR on 3/18/15.
Swollen lymph nodes in right arm pit and breast (vaccine was given in right arm), followed by sore joints, muscle cramps, and fever. These symptoms last from 3/25/15-3/31/15. On the evening of 3/31/15, PT developed a rash on the chest, arms (both), back, and face. The rash was mostly gone by the 4th, but was still itchy on the 6th. Missed 2 days of work.
Rash on trunk.
Had itchiness on left arm, began scratching it. Redness, warmth and swelling resulted from it.
The patient developed a rash on the face last night. Then the rash spread down to the trunk and extremities. No fever. No conjunctivitis.
Diffuse blotchy, partially raised rash, bilateral pedal edema.
Child had immediate erythematous reaction on posterior left upper arm after receiving varicella vaccine. 10 days later developed a maculopapular rash surrounding the erythematous area and spread rapidly to trunk and face. Also had fever of 102.9. Diagnosed with Varicella on 4/11/15. Treated with Acyclovir.
<24hrs fine papular rash eruption upper torso arms pruritic slightly.
Initial - cough -> low grade fever and maculopapular rash (trunk and extremities). Tx - sxs watched and used APAP.
Abscess at injection site.
Raised red rash with itching in the genital and buttock area of the child.  Treated with diaper rash cream, but it keeps coming back.  Pediatrician told mother to phone us.
Erythema, itching, swelling, 7 cm area at injection site.
Fever with possible febrile seizure, followed 2 days later by rash.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender with no pertinent medical history/rug allergies or drug reactions reported. On 20-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (expiration date October 2014, exact date of expiry, route, dose and lot# were not reported). Concomitant therapy was not mentioned. No adverse experienced reported. Additional information has been requested.
Received vaccine 3/27/15 w/well child visit and mom noticed rash on his neck and fever starting 4/6/15-fever 102 at the highest. Responds to TYLENOL, eating and drinking well.
Child began running fever after vaccinations. At approximately 1830 child began having seizure like activity. Parent took to ED immediately, when temp check rectally it was 104.7. Was given MOTRIN. Parents state seizure lasted around 5 mins.
Vaccines given on 3/30/15. Rash started to appear 4/1/15 and 4/2/15 various sizes of batches over entire body, white center surround by red edge c/o very itchy - client went to PMD.
Swelling and redness of upper arm about 48 hours after vaccine administration. Fever as well.
Red, swollen ,warm to touch, sore. Pt. noticed this on 3/24/15. Right arm (Varicella location).
Information has been received from a nurse via a company representative referring to herself. Medical history of the patient was not reported. On 27-MAR-2015, while withdrawing M-M-R II vaccine (lot# reported as K018990, expiration date unspecified) from the vial, for an unspecified patient, that the needle exploded which caused a small amount of the vaccine to splash in the nurse's right eye and on her face. The nurse stated that she was using a Tuberculin syringe, and while withdrawing the vaccine from the vial, that the pressure caused the vacine to squirt out at the point where the needle connected to the syringe. PQC was involved. The nurse stated that she was experiencing a headache, but felt it is not related to the vaccine exposure. Nurse stated that she consulted with an unspeciifed physician was not involved in any topical vaccine exposure due to this event, and that the patient received a dose that was newly drawn up. The outcome of headache was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
RN had second step PPD planted yesterday in left forearm, also received MMR in left upper arm. Overnight her arm in area of the PPD felt like it was on fire, like I had a bee sting. She had no reaction to TUBERSOL at the first step. Has had only one other PPD she can recall in past which was neg. No travel outside country in past year. Mother has hx of + PPD. The area of skin around MMR site is not bothering her.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 30-MAR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (batch# H018948, lot # 1646AA, expire date 18-OCT-2014, 0.5 ml) subcutaneously. No adverse effect was reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information on patient's medical history and drug reactions or allergies was provided. On 03-APR-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired M-M-R II expiration date 30-MAR-2015 (dose, route, anatomical location, lot # were not reported). Concomitant therapy was not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Fever to 101.1 evening of vaccine administration.
This case was reported by a other health professional via call center representative and described the occurrence of inappropriate age at vaccine administration in a 26-year-old male patient who received PEDIARIX (batch number KG34F, expiry date 21st January 2017). Co-suspect products included GARDASIL, Hepatitis B vaccine, MMR and Meningococcal Group C Conjugate vaccine. On 26th February 2015, the patient received the first dose of PEDIARIX (intramuscular) .5 ml, GARDASIL, Hepatitis B vaccine, MMR and Meningococcal Group C Conjugate vaccine. On an unknown date, an unknown time after receiving PEDIARIX and Hepatitis B vaccine, the patient experienced inappropriate age at vaccine administration, injection site pain, neck pain and fever. On an unknown date, the outcome of the inappropriate age at vaccine administration, injection site pain, neck pain and fever were recovered/resolved. The reporter considered the injection site pain, neck pain and fever to be possibly related to PEDIARIX. It was unknown if the reporter considered the neck pain and fever to be related to Hepatitis B vaccine. Additional information was provided: Reporter called to state that PEDIARIX given to adult patient on 26 February 2015. Also, she mentioned that when she followed up with patient after misadministration, patient said that she was having neck pain, some pain at injection site, and fever. She feels as though these issues have resolved at this time.
Fever-100.8, reddened site, sore site.
Patient was given an MMR immunization that he wasn't required to have.  There was serological testing already done for the immunizations he was given.
Left deltoid is red, swollen, skin is warm to touch and tight.  Pt denies any nausea/vomiting/diarrhea.  Pt states he started feeling a low headache in the background starting today (4/16/2015).
Fever for 2 days highest temp 105.1 Temporal, given Tylenol and Motrin.  c/o Rhinorrhea for 2 days clear in color. Cranky with fever. Wanting to play now as fever is down.  Denies: Cough. Ear pain. Nasal congestion. Feeding difficulty. c/o Diarrhea for 1 day had one episode this AM, watery, no blood or mucous. Denies: Vomiting. Denies: Rash.
Pt was administered ZOSTAVAX instead of Varicella.
2 days after vaccine, noted flushed neck and face; had chills for 2 nights prior. Injection site red raised and generalized redness over arm, neck, chest, thighs, back.
Pt was to receive Varicella vaccine at appt. but was given ZOSTAVAX.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a 4 month old patient of unknown gender. On 10-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with doses of M-M-R II (subcutaneous, strength, lot#, dose were unknown) and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (subcutaneous, strength, lot#, dose were unknown) (inappropriate scheduled of drug administration). No adverse experience reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has received from a healthcare worker (Certified Medical Assistant) referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-MAR-2015 the patient was received an expired dose of M-M-R II (rHA, batch# H018948, lot # 1646AA, expiration ate: 18-OCT-2014, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous). No adverse effect was reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. Additional information has been requested.
Fever stated around 4/7/15. Rash developed on trunk and face 4/11/15. Ibuprofen and BENADRYL have been used for comfort.
Given in upper arm. Redness, swelling to elbow, pain and fever of 100.8.
Facial rash day #6 of MMR post vaccination.
On 4/09/2015 patient informed pharmacist of ear and neck pain. Also neck stiffness beginning approximately 3 hours after immunizations. Patient indicated he was taking anti-inflammatory medication for the discomfort. On 4/10/2015 and 4/14/2015 patient indicated he was doing better but not yet without symptoms. On 04/14/2015 pharmacist advised patient to return to nurse practioner for evaluation. Pharmacist spoke with patient on 4/16/2015. Patient indicated that he had returned and they indicated to him that they did not believe that it was vaccine related.
Shortness of breath, chest pain, throat closing.
Serve rash covering approximately 45% of body.
Small red bumps appeared on forehead and neck, by 7:30pm small bumps were noticed throughout torso area. No fever, no vomiting or any other side effects. By 6:00am, the bumps were bright red, all over his body, and were itchy.
Large reaction (R) at injection site of varicella. Marked the reaction area with permanent marker and pt advised to watch for signs of injection 17cm x 9cm reaction. Recommended BENADRYL and ZYRTEC. RTC if worsens.
Maculopapular rash on face, trunk and erythematous, fever.
Swollen lymph glands under (L) arm. Started 72 hr after injection, muscle and skeletal pain- Back and chest area started 72 hr after injection. Pain increased 1 week later. Lasted 16 days. Seen by PCP. Treated with ADVIL, Rest and Heat Pad.
Pt states she developed HA, sweating, joint pain, fever, diarrhea on 3/23. (Vaccine given 3/11/15). Rash not hives) covered body beginning on chest on 3/25. Felt very fatigued as well.
This spontaneous report was received from a health professional (nurse) refers to a patient of unknown demographics. Reporting nurse stated that the patient received a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) on 24-MAR-2015 and then received a dose of M-M-R II on 13-APR-2015 which was less than the minimal interval of 1 month between 2 live virus vaccines. No adverse effects were reported. Outcome of the event, inappropriate schedule of drug administration was unknown. Reporting nurse considered the adverse event to be not related to VARIVAX (Merck) and M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
Rash (small erythematous raised macules around neck and extending to top of the back) and fever to 103.5 followed by diarrhea.
Child was given 2 doses of MMR vaccine at the same time (.5 ml) 1 ml in total administered. No reaction at this time.
4/16 sporadic fever up to 103, irritated eyes. 4/17 sporadic fever up to 103, irritated eyes, coughing. 4/18 sporadic fever up to 103; faint rash on face, coughing. 4/19 faint rash covering entire body, coughing. 4/20 full blown measles rash covering entire body, coughing; visited pediatrician - diagnosed as '99% certain it is a measles like rash caused by an adverse reaction to the MMR vaccine'. 4/21 rash covering entire body, lessened redness, coughing.
Arm pain/ unable to lift arm, headache, chills, joint pain (lasting 3+ days)swollen gland.  Rash 04/14/2015.
MOTHER'S REPORT STATED RASH AND BUMPS ON NECK, BACK, RIGHT LEG, AND BEHIND EAR. MD REPORTS: possibly d/t MMR or VZV vaccines given 11 days prior. Maculopapular rash known to occur within 1st 3 weeks after these live vaccines given. No vesicular rash, papules all blanch.
Around 9am, client noticed pain, redness and swelling on R arm; is a daycare provider so it has been difficult to work, experiencing pain while caring for the children; around 1pm, noticed fever. Temp (o) 102. States took 200mg of Tylenol. Now calling HD; latest temp 100 taken around 3pm.
Rash on legs.
4/14/15 5:20 pm medical center for seizure which occurred shortly before then. Witnessed by parents. Generalized sx, postictal st, weakness-generalized. Received Hep A, MMR, VARIVAX 4/14/15 at 9:30 am. (Grand mal seizure)
Child woke up with rash from head to toe, fever, increased fussiness. Was tested for measles and PCR was positive.
Itching both arms, abdomen, some on legs, earache, watery eyes, runny nose. Chills started in the evening. Used Benadryl at HS. Itching increased 4-22-2015, to include chest and head, continued earache, irritated throat, irritated- watery eyes, headache and chills.
Redness and tenderness at Tdap injection site.  9cm x 5cm area of erythema and tenderness at time of exam on 4/22/15.
7 x 11cm erythematous rash.
59 year old male patient comes into the Urgent Care with complaints of an allergic reaction to measles vaccine with rash on the ankle and back extending to the upper buttocks, eye discharge, runny nose, and productive coughing with green sputum interfering with sleep x28 days, onset one month after measles vaccine on 2/20/2015. Symptoms moderate and constant. Pt noted that the symptoms began approximately at the time he should have returned for the second MMR vaccine. Pt has been self-medicating with ciprofloxacin from past prescription, starting yesterday.
Itching all over body and developed rash afterwards.
Migraine and fatigue on the day of vaccination. Reported on 23 April 2015, rash and redness to the right neck, swollen lymph nodes to the right neck. Prev Med nurse reported 80mm redness and nodule to the left upper arm near injection site. Small bumps to bilateral upper portion of face. Complain of difficulty of breathing for one night. Complain of itchy to the left arm.
After shots were given, client asked to be picked up, mother did so, when mother picked her up she then went limp and bent backward. Mother states she awoke fast. Client was then offered water and crackers.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 13-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of expired MMR II, therapy type: HSA, lot # J004201, expiry date: 12-APR-2015 (site, route of administration were not reported). No adverse event was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II which was administered subcutaneously (dose and lot # was not reported). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (dose, route and lot# were not reported). No symptoms were reported. This is one of several cases reported by the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 17-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (dose, route and lot# were not reported). No symptoms were reported. This is one of several cases reported by the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Petechiae and bruising noted.  Petechiae on trunk noted in the morning and bruises over bones.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 21-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneously, (lot # J006135, expiry date 17-APR-2015). No adverse experience reported. Additional information has been requested.
Blister noted at injection site. Now has 3 blisters.
Fever, rash and swelling at injection site.
7pm- rash to buttocks. 8pm- red spot on cheek. 4/24/2015- woke up with hives from head to toes, congestion and runny nose; Mom gave Benadryl.
Febrile seizure on 4/8/15.
Fever with fussiness 4 days after immunizations, large red bump on left thigh 10 days after immunization.
12 days after immization-rash around site and scattered papules on body.
Pt came to the office with rash, elevated heart rate, and elevated BP.
Pt reported that she had redness, warmth, and a large raised bump that formed a week after her injection. She had to take 10 days worth of antibiotic, her primary care physician told her she had an infection, and she continues to have a lump under the skin.
Local redness/swelling and pain on Day #1 then central clearing but surrounding redness on day 2 (+) tender.
Patient presented to clinic twice for eval of rash. Dx'd 4-24-15 with (R) upper thoracic shingles.
10-15 varicella lesions on arms, legs, trunk.
Pt received MMR booster 4/17/15, pt returned to office today 4/21/15 for Tdap vaccine. She mentions that her right arm where MMR booster was injected has a lump and feels bruised. Area on back of right arm shows 2cm raised area, surrounded by 5cm redness.
Rash shotty posterior cervical nodes bilaterally.
Hard lump on left leg near injection site. Has multiple little bumps. Itches.
Fever, H/A, left arm, shoulder, forearm, and hand pain and swelling .1cm X 1.5 cm erythema to left deltoid, small amount of ecchymosis, decreased ROM ot left arm.  Grip strength decreased to 4/5 in left hand.
The patient is an 1 year old female. The patient is a healthy 12mo old female infant who received varicella vaccine in addition to MMR and hep B on 01 APR 2015. The MOP reports she initially had typical fever and then did fine. Ten days after receipt she developed a vesicular exanthem, initially only to her face and then yesterday to her trunk. She has approximately 10 vesicles but hundreds of small red spots to all extremities and trunk. She was seen by Dr. at clinic and dx with vaccine induced varicella. She has no known exposure to an active infection and does not attend daycare and has limited exposure to other groups. Her symptoms have now fully resolved.
Leg that received vaccine became too painful to stand on.  Pain seems to originate in heel or ankle. Stands only on her toes on affected leg.
Fever, fussiness on quarter sized area of papular rash on right thigh at site of varicella vaccine starting 8-9 days after vaccines.
Student reported that same day she received Tdap vaccine she developed numbness and tingling; pain in the left arm from deltoid radiating down to left hand. By the next am she stated she could not feel her (L) hand.
This spontaneous report as received from a certified medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 14-APR-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired first dose of M-M-R II (lot # J004210 exp date 12-APR-2015) subcutaneously. No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Patient received MMR vaccine on 4/13/15. 3-4 days after the vaccine was administered, developed red spots on abd. 4/22 developed diffuse rash and fever. Rash was red, pimply, no blotches, no drainage or scabbing. Spread to neck, back and entire body excluding palms of hands and soles of feet. No oral lesions.
Woke with generalized red, maculopapular rash from head to toe this AM. (8 days after vaccine) confluent redness on face some papules/vesicles on red base throughout body. Some hive appearing lesions. No other signs of illness. Vaccine rxn vs allergic rxn to other. Seen this AM.
Rash and 99. Strep rash face, trunk, ext, maculopapular pink, seen on 2/16 and 2/19/15. Rash cleared on face and became more prominant on ext. by 2/18/15, then resolved.
Rash around shot site began to develop, child also reported feeling tired and irritable.  Rash got progressively worse over about 4 days.  It spread from the top of her shoulder down to her elbow and was densely broken out with rough small red bumps. It took a full three weeks to subside.  Child has has a number of Dr. visit's since the shot due to coughing, has had STAPH, and had a severe gastrointestinal illness for 5 days about one week after the rash went away.  She has also had an increase in defiant behavior and consistently reports being tired and irritable.
Came in to get vaccinations. Received 5 vaccines no problems noted in room when left to pay cashier after few minutes fainted in hallway-ck'ed client-monitored v/s. B/P 1115am 102/42; 1125am 108/60 P 68 assisted to waiting room.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 15-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II, expiration date: 12-APR-2015, subcutaneous (lot number was not provided). No concomitant therapies were reported. Additional information has been requested.
About a week after vaccination, injection site in left arm had hard lump with an area 5 in diameter that is red, swollen and hot.  Joint pain and malaise also present.  Treated with antibiotic and ice.
PATIENT CALLED IN AND REPORTED WELPS ON BOTH LEGS AND ARMS WITH SHORTNESS OF BREATH AND TACHYCARDIA.  PATIENT STATES SYMPTOMS PRESNTED 1 DAY AFTER VACCINATION.  PATIENT WAS ADVISED TO VISIT NEAREST EMERGENCY ROOM AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
Note: Any requests for follow-up information on this case should be sent directly to the sponsor of this study, Sanofi Pasteur. This solicited case was received from the investigator in a trial on 17 April 2015. A 30 year-old male subject whose past medical history included high blood pressure and cardiomyopathy was found to have hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy on 13 March 2015, 23 days after the subject had received the following vaccines on 18 February 2015: an injection of Smallpox (Vaccinia) Live Vaccine, (number, route and site of administration not reported), Rabies Vaccine (reported as Rabbies - IM (4)), (manufacturer, lot number, route and site of administration not reported), and MMR (2) (manufacturer, lot number, route and site of administration not reported). Relevant laboratory data included: an abnormal ECG (electrocardiogram) on an unreported date. Troponin I, lumbar puncture and MRI of the brain, spinal cord and heart were not performed. An ECG on 27 February 2015 was abnormal. Treatments were not reported. Adjudication Follow-up Report. 9 Days Post Vaccination. Outpatient Visit Patient with history of murmurs presented for a cardiac examination. Labs and CXR were normal but abnormal EKGs showed inverted T-wave activity. Recommend cardiac evaluation. CXR - (Normal) PA/LAT shows satisfactory inspiration with no evidence of active pulmonary disease. The cardiac silhouette is normal with no evidence of enlargement and mediastinum, great vessels, pleura, diaphragm, and bony thorax are unremarkable. EEG1 - (14:20) Sinus bradycardia with sinus arrhythmia, rightward axis, and T wave abnormality with QT-QTc = 432/427ms EEG2 - (14:22) NSR, sinus arrhythmia, rightward axis, and T-wave abnormality with QT/QTc = 420/446ms EEG3 - (14:24) NSR with left posterior fascicular block, T-wave abnormality, and QT/QTc = 422/471ms. 23 Days Post Vaccination Cardiology Visit Patient has history of LVH without evidence of HOCM on stress ECHO done on April, 2014. A/P - Cardiomyopathy hypertrophic with an IVSD = 1.6 and mild SAM without outflow tract obstruction (mean gradient = 4 mmHg). 30 Days Post Vaccination. Cardiology Visit Chief compliant is evaluation of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. ECHO demonstrated hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with LVEF = 55% and septal wall = 1.8 cm. Left atrium was mildly enlarged at 4.3 cm, myocardial perfusion study with an anteroseptal fixed detect and an LVEF = 53%. No hypotension and/or drop in BP noted on the treadmill test. Patient remains asymptomatic with no SOB, chest pain, or syncope. 33 Days Post Vaccination. Outpatient Visit Patient was screened for cardiovascular disorders. Holter monitor was unremarkable with no episodes of non-sustained ventricular tachycardia. The subject's outcome was not reported. Additional information  will be requested from the investigator. Note: There is no reporter causality assessment as this is a safety surveillance (data mining, non-interventional) study. Documents held by sender: None.
Red blotching at injection site. Whelp on right inner arm. 5 min after varicella injection. Injection given at 1353pm. Rash on face, and left arm. Dr order BENADRYL 5 mL. Pt watched every 5 min until 1 hr. Pt recovered and discharged.
Rash and arm soreness.
Fever, febrile seizure.
Localized reaction to PREVNAR 13 (R) upper thigh 4 x 5 cm pinkness/warmth at inj site non tender, no induration, swelling or fever.
Information has been received from a physician referring to a 15 month old male patient. The patient's medical history included exposure to herpes zoster. The patient didn't have drug reactions/allergies. On 17-APR-2015, the patient was administered MMR II, (lot number was reported as K012473, exp. was unknown), 0.5ml, subcutaneously in the left arm and (Merck) VARIVAX, (lot number was reported as K020761, exp. was unknown), 0.5 ml, subcutaneously in the right arm. The patient didn't have any concomitant medications. On 20-APR-2015, the patient developed a widespread vesicular rash. The patient sought medical attention by office visiting. On 23-APR-2015, the physician evaluated the patient in the office and noted the widespread rash, with a new vesicle on the patient's leg that erupted on that day. The physician diagnosed the patient with a varicella rash due to his exposure to herpes zoster. There was no treatment given to the event and no lab diagnostics studies performed. The outcome of the event was reported as not covered. The causality of the event was (Merck) VARIVAX or MMR II was reported as not related. Additional information has been requested.
105 degree temp, non-stop crying 4 hrs, TYLENOL was given.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender who on 29-APR-2015 was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II, subcutaneous, lot # J003004 and expiration date on 14-MAR-2015. No temperature excursion was associated with MMR II. No adverse effect reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a patient's mother referring to her 5 year old daughter without pertinent medical history. On 23-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot# reported as L003221, injection, route and strength and expiration date were unknown). There was no concomitant medication. On 25-APR-2015 the patient developed a 102.8 fever at 17:00 that lasted until 09:00 the next morning. And during this time of the fever, the patient broke out into full blown measles all over her body. The mother took the patient back to the physician's office (date unspecified) and the patient was seen by two physicians one was the physician who administered the vaccine and other was the senior physician of the practice, both stated that this was a severe, very severe case of measles and the senior partner stated the worse case I have seen in years. The patient was treated with calamine lotion, TYLENOL, NEOSPORIN AF and BENADRYL. At the time of this report, the outcome of the event was not resolved. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a pharmacist concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. No current or historical conditions were reported. On 20-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (strength, dose, route and lot# unknown, expiration date is 22-MAR-2015) after the expiration date. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Redness, swelling, and hot to touch on (L) deltoid area-extending toward elbow 85 x 85 mm.
Rash on legs and face, low grade fever.
Fever of 101.7, puffy face especially around eyes, pain at the site of injection, doesn't want to stand or move legs (shots in both thighs). It's currently 1847 on 5/1/2015 and symptoms remain.
Fever of 102.5 followed by a rash on stomach. Next day fever again and by night time the rash was also on his face.
Severe hives, arthritis, lethargy, swollen eyes, swollen mouth and throat.  Airway monitored and was never obstructed.  Symptoms lasted 7 days.
Itching four 12 hours starting about 20 minutes after administered (stopped after 50mg po Benadryl). On 3/20 developed pain in R jaw/cheek area, started OTC ibuprofen. Seen at employee health on 3/30/15 and given tramadol for the pain; returned to employee heath on 4/6/15 and had panorex x-rays done; diagnosed with viral parotitis secondary to MMR vaccine. Continue to follow up with employee health since symptoms continue.
Generalized erythematous rash
Vaccine was given to pt. Next day pt developed skin infection due to vaccine. (L) thigh. Med was Rx to pt KEFLEX BID x 7 days, F/U in 2 wks.
Vaccine site: induration and erythema, pain and hot to touch extending 4-5 cm from injection site. Mild cellulitis.
Localized tenderness and hives to right thigh.
Patient received MMR vaccine 4/22/15. Developed fever x 3 days (101-104 degrees), Koplik spots and rash on body 7 days after vaccine.
Patient reports that se awoke on 5/1 & area on left arm where she received varicella vaccine was red, swollen, & warm to touch with some itching.  Applied cool compresses & took anti-inflammatory OTC med & Benadryl.  Continued on Sat. 5/2/15, then improved.  No hives or difficulty breathing.  Discovered also that she had chickenpox disease in 1990.
Symptoms appeared within 24 hrs. tactile fever regressed -> decrease in speech, decrease in recognition, withdrawn, clumsy, lasted 4 weeks then slowly resolved.
Information has been received from a pharmacist concerning a 42 year old male patient. The patient had no pertinent medical history. The patient had no drug allergies and reaction. On 07-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (0.5 ml, lot # reported as K007743, expiration date: 28-MAY-2015, subcutaneous). The patient had no concomitant therapies. It was reported that the patient developed pain, stiffness, and discomfort in his ear and neck (side unspecified) within 3 hours on 28-MAY-2015 after receiving the M-M-R II. Naproxen was given as treatment for the events. The patient had visited the pharmacy for medical attention. There was no lab diagnostics performed. The outcome of the events were reported as recovering. Lot # K007743 was not valid for M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
Macular patchy rash on the face only. No wheezing. Mild erythema at vaccine administration site on right thigh. Treated with BENADRYL po. Varicella given on (R) thigh.
Coughing immediately after vaccination. Coughing led to stridor and respiratory distress. Within one minute, the adverse event was recognized as anaphylaxis. 1 dose of epi-junior was administered in her left thigh. Over the next five minutes patient's respirations returned to normal with a slight cough and occasional stridor when crying.
Varicella like rash.
This spontaneous report as received from the patient's grandmother refers to a 15 month old female patient. On 05-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number not reported, circular # uspi-v205c-i-1406r004). On 07-FEB-2015, 3 days after onset of therapy the patient experienced rash. It was also reported that since the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II, whenever she eats watermelon, yogurt, dairy, egg, cheese and pickles she becomes red all over her body and face. The patient did seek medical attention with office visit. Treatment included corn starch on her body and oatmeal bath. It was reported blood work was done for allergies (results not reported). The outcome of rash is unknown. Additional information has been requested.
5/1/2015 Pt received vaccines DTaP and MMR and w/in 2-5 minutes, mom noted that pt was turning pale and witnessed pt slumped over and fell backwards while sitting on chair in exam room. Pt. was picked up and laid supine on floor. Pt. was noted to be apneic, pale, with perioral cyanosis, with copious oral secretions from mouth, eyes were rolled back. Pt was noted to be tonic with increased tone in extremities x 4. Additional help was summoned for as well as airway/emergency kit was retrieved. As suction was about to be applied to oral cavity pt. regained consciousness with return of color to face. Pt. had carotid/radial pulse present throughout event. Paramedics 911 was called but cancelled when pt. regained consciousness and cried. Vitals taken. Pulse 101 POX 98% RA BP 82/60 Blood glucose 123. Exam unchanged from 30 min prior. No focal findings on neuro exam. Pt. was observed in office for 90 minutes during which time, pt was postictal for about 45-55 minutes. After which pt regained normal disposition, laughing, smiling and telling jokes. Pt c/o of abd pain and was subsequently given Rx for azithromycin x 5 d as brother has strep (+). Gave mom referral for neurology outpt ASAP. Will telephone f/u with mom in next few days. Pt to return or mom to call for any concerns, observing for any neuro changes or vomiting or any abnormality.
Rash noted around site of VARIVAX injection. Started 3 day after injection, has spread. Area is irregular, with erythematous macular area and some well defined papular lesions, about 1 1/2 x 1 1/2, right thigh not swollen, itchy or tender. Patient seen in office 4/30/15.
Vomiting onset 2 hrs after vaccine administration.
Pt received 4 shots in right upper arm on 4/29/15. Today arm is red and swollen and itchy. Right upper arm over deltoid has 7 x 3 area of redness, mild warmth. BENADRYL 1 tsp. po given and assessed by medical provider.
Rash to legs and arms.
Area the size of a softball was reddened and swollen to left arm (deltoid muscle).  Mother stated that it was like a hard lump under the skin. Client also had a fever and felt like her throat was burning.  Child was seen in the ER on 4/4/25 and doctor told family to watch and report if it got larger.  Client had follow-up appointment on 4/6/15 with PA and swelling and redness had gone down substantially according to mother.
High fever to 103F, sore throat, coughing.
Patient had fever to Tmax of 103F on 05/05/2015. Low grade fevers for a total of 5 days. Measles like mildly erythematous maculopapular rash spreading over trunk, extremities and face starting 05/04/2015. Rash continues to spread. No other symptoms.
His upper lip started swelling. Mom gave him Ibuprofen in the afternoon - his lip got swollen after that. No problems breathing and no rashes.
Patient c/o mouth blisters, sore tongue and fever. She did not check temperature, just felt feverish. She took Tylenol. Had doctor visit 5/6/15.
Fever, minor seizure (staring), followed by vomiting.
Left upper arm erythema over triceps no signs of infection or cellulitis, swelling and 3 cm hard nodule is TTP and easily moveable at injection site, under skin. Tender to touch pain scale 8/10. No lymphadenopathy of submandibular, axillary or trochlear areas.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to her 1 year old son. No concurrent or historical conditions were reported. On 17-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II and his first dose of (Merck) VARIVAX (both strength, route, dose, lot# and expiration dates unknown). On an unspecified date in April 2015, patient developed 7 to 8 vesicles on his back, 2 vesicles on his chest and 2 vesicles on his belly. Medical attention was sought by visiting the office of an unspecified physician on an unspecified date. Patient was diagnosed by physician with atypical chickenpox. No treatment was given. All vesicles resolved on an unspecified date. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a 28 year old female patient with no drug reactions or allergies and with no medical history. No concomitant medications were reported. On 09-APR-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneous, lot number: J003790, expiration date 28-MAR-2015, dose 0.5 ml (injection site was not reported). Other suspect therapies included ENGERIX-B, intramuscular, (dose, lot number, expiration date and injection site not reported). On 09-APR-2015, the patient experienced a little bit of pain around injection site. The patient did not seek medical attention. No lab diagnostic studies were performed. The reporting pharmacist believed that the pain reported was mostly due to intramuscular administration of ENGERIX-B. The outcome of the pain around injection site was unknown. The relatedness between the event and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
I gave the 4th dose of DTaP too early. 3rd dose given 11/11/2014. I administered DTaP on 5/6/2015.
Missed menstrual period following vaccine. Period was expected April 17 and as of May 7, 2015 has not started. Not due to pregnancy.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare professional refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 25-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a 0.5 ml dose of improperly stored MMR II (Lot # J014873, expiry: 21-NOV-2015) subcutaneously which was exposed to 48F for 13 hours. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Hives started next day - lasting 5-6 days - ORAPRED, ZYRTEC - referred to allergist.
Onset of hives within 15 minutes, parents gave antihistamine, which pt. vomited. Family then directed to ED, given epinephrine IM with rapid resolution of symptoms, prescribed 5 day course oral steroids.
Ct. evaluated at Urgent Care due to developing fever, chills and (L) arm cellulitis after receiving vaccination on 5-4-15. Sx's of fever developed late in day on 5/4/15. Redness and arm swelling early on 5/5/15. Treated with KEFLEX and pain meds. Urgent care reported full recovery expected.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report as received from a physician refers to a 16 year old female patient. On 07-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX. Other suspect therapies included MMR II and RECOMBIVAX HB. The patient was administered (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX, MMR II and RECOMBIVAX HB on 07-APR-2015. Urine and serum pregnancy test and prenatal ultrasound performed on 07-APR-2015 confirmed pregnancy. The physician reported the patient to be 11 weeks gestation. No adverse effects reported. No further information was provided. Additional information has been requested.
Rednes of arms, legs and face.
Eye swelling and urticaria.
** Hives at site on 4/17, faded and didn't return. 4/26 At 4:30 PM complained of headache and eyes hurting. 5:00 PM fever of 100.4. Fever at highest was 101.2 that evening.  Blank stares noted 3x that evening.  Following morning fever at 100.4 again.  Complaints of weakness and inability to use legs.  * Called nurse advice line said to only monitor.  Was very sleepy and exhausted continued to complain that eyes hurt.  4/28 1:50 AM woke with violent rhythmic convulsing and unique grunting -like noises which lasted for a couple of minutes, fever was taken and was 101.4. 4/29 scheduled DR visit at 9:30.  Woke with rash, had two very evident seizures before appointment.  Had fever of 100.3 at appointment.  Dr. made follow up for EEG. EEG  4/30/15, came back abnormal.  Appointment with pediatric neurologist 5/7/15.  Confirmed Complex partial seizures in frontal lobe, with possible general seizures.  Prescribed Keppra.
High fever, change in behavior.
Child patient was given Zostavax vaccine instead of Varivax Vaccine.
Fullness, hardness and redness of his left thigh injection site with pain and bruising.
PT has light red rash noted on arms, truck and legs.  No open wounds.  Not raised rash.  No fever or other illness noted.
This spontaneous report was received from a health care professional refers to a male patient of unknown age. On an unknown date tthe patient was vaccinated with MMR II dose 1 (dose, route and lot # unspecified). On 21-APR-2015 the patient was again vaccinated with MMR II lot # J003623; expiry: 22-MAR-2015, dose 2, subcutaneous (dose unspecified). No medical history and concomitant medications were provided. It was reported that the dose administered on 21-APR-2015 was an expired vaccine used in the series which was inadvertently administered to the patient. No adverse event was reported. The outcome of expired vaccine used and no adverse event is unknown. Additional informatino has been requested.
3/20: Injection site was swollen and red, approx. 3x1. 3/21: PM: Rash started on trunk and cheeks. 3/22, AM: Rash darkened and spread, approx. 80% of body covered. 3/20, PM: Fever of 103.
(R) thigh 3.5 x 2.5 in red, warm area of skin 3-4 papulo/vesicular lesions within the red area. Varicella and Hep A given in this leg. (R thigh cellulitis).
Client's right arm became swollen and red and tender later in the evening on 5/28/2015.  Client's sister noticed the arm had not reduced in size of redness and was also tender to touch on Friday, May 1, 2015. Sister took client to the hospital ED where client was seen and oral ATB was prescribed (client does not remember the name of the ATB).  When client came in to the health department 5/11/2015 for a TB skin test read, I checked her upper right arm and it was still noticeably warm and slightly swollen larger than upper left arm. Noted in immunization charting client had both MMR and V subcutaneous vaccines in the upper right arm.
VERY HOT RED SWOLLEN AREA OVER SITE WHERE MMR AND VARICELLA WERE GIVEN WHICH PERSISTED MORE THAN 72 HOURS. REPORTS HE USED ICE TO TRY AND REDUCE SWELLING. HE WAS UNABLE TO REACH THE PEOPLE WHO GAVE IT SO CAME TO SHOW IT TO THE LOCAL HEALTH DEPARTMENT.
Patient received vaccines. Mom stated within fifteen minutes that patient had redness appear on arms with small circular white patches.
Approximately 15 lesions of varicella developed starting 20 days after VARIVAX.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 04-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously (lot number was not reported). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
Developed ITP - given steroid boost and will F/U with blood work to make sure platelets recover back to a normal level.
This spontaneous report was received from a consumer refers to her son as a male patient of unknown age. On 07-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II INJ initial dose (dose and lot# were not reported). On 18-APR-2015, the patient experienced mild fever, rash and scrotal swelling. It was not specified if the patient will receive the subsequent doses. On an unknown date, the patient sought medical attention by an office visit. Action taken was not applicable. The outcome of reported events was unknown. Causality was not assessed by the reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Fever 103.6, headache, lethargy, malaise, skin sores, pustules.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. Pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 08-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous (dose number, lot number and expiration date were unspecified. No concomitant therapies were reported. No adverse experience reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Patient's last menses was 4 April, she was vaccinated on 16 April and came in on 11 May with a positive pregnancy test.  This is to report in case any tracking is needed.  Patient has no adverse event at this time and was notified of the theoretical concern.
Client developed a rash on back arms and chest.  Client stated there was over 50 dots on the child's back alone.  They are not raised, but flat purple color dots that are nearly the size of a dime the mother explained.  The client has also been itching for 2 days previous to this rash but child has history of eczema. Client has no fever and is behaving as normal otherwise.
Patient administered Zostavax 0.65mL SQ instead of Varivax. Parents informed of event. No reactions at time of administration or yet reported.
Rash to whole body except for face and top of arms, red, itching and burning. Swelling and pain in her feet and hands.  Onset of symptoms 7 days after MMR #2 administered.  Sent to an Occupational Med physician for evaluation.  CBC, sed rate, and CMP obtained.
This spontaneous report has been received from a healthcare worker concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent conditions and pertinent medical history were not reported. On 07-MAY-2015, according to the reporter, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with MMR II (LOT # J003002), (strength not reported), subcutaneously injection, 0.5 ml; that had expired on 14-MAR-2015. No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
According to mother, patient had very fine bumps/rash from head to toe. Noted to have red spots on arms, legs, and trunk. 5/8/15 patient presented to Health Department and informed by PHN to see Dr.  8/8/15 @ 10:30 a.m. mom states Dr. told her this was an adverse reaction to the shots patient was given. Gave steroids.
Several lesions on left arm and thumb.
My daughter starting complaining of pain in the area of her injury that she had not felt the two months prior.
Woke up screaming and was inconsolable for a while. Unusual increased lack of appetite and slept longer than usual. Also started having breath holding spells at about 10 months old. Very textbook: triggered by getting very worked up, passing out and then coming to again after about 20 seconds. Onset of these followed her 9 mo. shots. Not sure if there is a coorelation, but it is worth mentioning. It is also worth mentioning that her older sister Adisen had a reaction to her shots. Both shots were given on the same day at the same time by the same provider and within 12 hours, both girls developed a reaction that lasted for approximately 20 hours post vaccination.
Developed hives approximately 10 minutes after vaccine administration; hives were all over body, administered 13 mg of Benadryl, patient did not have any difficulty breathing, no wheezing on auscultation, per MD, pt discharged home and advised to continue Benadryl.
104.7 temperature came out of no where accompanied by a episode of him zoning out for 3-4 minutes.   The on call Dr was called and I was advised to give a fever reducer and watch him closely.   Between 5/6 and 5/9 his fever never got below 102 with or without a fever reducer.   The on call was called a second time on 5/7 and I was advised to increase the amount of Tylenol and motion.   5/8 a third call to the on call was made due to another 3-4 minute episode of zoning out and again I was told to watch him and take to urgent care of we were too concerned.   His fever finally broke on 5/9 and has only been up to 101 since then.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to a 24 year old no pregnant female patient without any pertinent medical history or drug reactions/allergies. The vaccination history was unknown. On 08-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously, (strength, frequency and anatomical location were not reported), (lot # K014833, expiration date: 14-SEP-2016). Other suspect therapies were not reported. There was not concomitant therapy. On approximately 25-APR-2015, the patient experienced rash, which began on her fingers and spread to the inside of her elbows, hips bilaterally and the front and back of her knees bilaterally. The patient sought medical attention on 28-APR-2015 through office visit. No treatment was given for the adverse event and no lab diagnostics studies were performed. The outcome of rash was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The relatedness between rash and therapy with M-M-R II was not reported. This is one of two reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Immediate rash all over trunk and both arms.
Pt. answered no to pregnancy, received VAR 5-6-15. Pt. states had (+) HCG a few days later. She is not having reaction.
Vomiting 4-5 times around 6-7 hrs after immunizations. Also complained of headache and abdominal pain. No fever.
Child had both Varicella and MMR II on right thigh on 4/19/15. Mom noticed a few papules over the area where the vaccines were given on 5/8/15. Initially they were scanty non-erythematous papules and were very itchy and pt. was scratching them. Later papules spread to face and extremities but not the trunk. Since then most have disappeared.
Fever to 105, shaking in afternoon that 5-12-15 after fast fever rise.
Patient developed chicken pox from varicella vaccine.
This spontaneous report as received from a health professional refers to unspecified number of unspecified patients. On an unspecified day in May 2015 (reported as 07-MAY-2015 or 08-MAY-2015), the patients were vaccinated with unspecified number of doses of improperly MMR II (lot# not reported, subcutaneously). No adverse event were reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Monday 5/11 onset erythematous confluent skin rash on trunk. Wed onset low grade fever and vomiting. Vomiting resolved this morning. Skin rash spread to face, but is now resolving on body.
The nurse made and error and administer the MMR dose that was supposed to go for my younger son to my older one, who had already completed his second MMR on 2008. As a consequence my older son got a third dose of MMR.
(L) arm was red, swollen, indurated bl. and very tender, no fever. It's a local reaction to DTAP.
Knot to Lt arm-erythematous, warm to touch; approximately 1 1/2 inches.
Localized induration and erythema treated empirically with clinda for 1 days with resolution of rash. Place size was 3 cm of firmness.
Muscle aches. Stiffne of the joints. Numbness in injection arm. Aches and pains.
Large blisters on arm. No treatment needed.
Red, raised welt to right thigh. Pt medicated with BENADRYL 25 mg PO.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information about patient's medical history was not provided. On 15-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II (therapy type: unknown) (dose, frequency and route of administration were not specified, lot # K020188, expiration date: 22-OCT-2016). Concomitant medications was not reported. No adverse event was reported. No product quality complaintt was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous pregnancy report as received from a nurse refers to a 24 year old female patient of unknown age. No concomitant medication or medical history were reported. On 01-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (route, lot #, and expiration ate were not reported). Concomitant medication was not reported. The reporter stated that on an unspecified date the patient found out she was pregnant. The patient's last menstrual period (LMP) was reported as 30-MAR-2015, estimated delivery date (EDD): 04-JAN-2016. The patient sought medical attention, she went to the office. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician's assistance regarding a patient of unknown demographics. No concurrent condition and historical medication was reported. On 04-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with expired dose of M-M-R II (lot # J003787, expiration date 28-MAR-2015). No adverse event was reported. No product quality complaint was involved. The outcome of expired product administered was unknown. Causality between event and M-M-R II was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Fatigue, anorexia, fever up to 104.6 for 3-4 days then low grade fever for a few more days as energy slowly came back.
Localized redness and swelling at the site of injection 2 x 2 cm in diameter. Raised given BENADRYL in office observed for 1 hr. (L) leg MMR/Varicella.
Rec MMR 5-8-15; 5/9/15 experienced nausea, dizziness, pain at inj. site, felt warm. 5-18-15 c/o inc. nausea, loose stools, chills. Also, c/o pain prior to and at end of urination. Still sl. tender/red inj. site.
The day after shots, started out itching on both shoulders, then both arms. Two days after shots, bumps appreared on forearms with itching. The itching spread to my hand, also with bumps forming. Now forearms and hands itch with bumps.
This spontaneous report was received from a Registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age. Patient medical history and current condition was not reported. On 08-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot # K009192 and expiry date reported as 27-JUN-2016) which underwent an unsupported temperature excursion via intramuscular route. No adverse effects reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of the three reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report has been received from a 37 year old female consumer concerning herself with thyroid issue and no drug reactions. On 28-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX, (strength, dose, lot number, expire date and route were not provided) for prevention of chickenpox. She also vaccinated with MMR II (strength, dose, lot number, expire date and route were not reported) concomitant. Concomitant therapies included a thyroid medication (unspecified name, dose/frequency and manufacturer). On an unknown date the patient had a pregnancy test which showed she became pregnant on 14-APR-2015. Her Last Menstrual Period (LMP) was 31-MAR-2015 and the Estimated Date of Delivery (EDD) was 05-JAN-2016. Initial exposure to (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX and MMR II was at 4 weeks. The pregnancy outcome was pending. The patient didn's seek medical attention. No treatment was given for adverse event. Additional information has been requested.
Mother first noticed mild erythema and duration 5-06-15 and does not recall the time she became concerned 5-09-15 when it increased in size, duration and became purple in color. Pt was seen 5-10-15 by Dr who prescribed ABX x 10 days. Dx of cellulitis in (L) lateral thigh mid.
Mom reports that patient has a mild red rash from shoulders extended to buttocks.
Fever (101.0)/chills, headache, body aches, snuffy/runny nose - signs of improvement on 05/18/2015. Skin sore to touch increased on 05/17/2015 and has not improved yet.
3 cm area of induration and erythema surrounding right thigh injection site with faint reticular non blanching erythematous rash behind ears, cheeks, trunk, arms, no vesicle, no crusting.
This spontaneous report was received from a Registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age. Patient medical history and current condition was not reported. On 07-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot # K009192 and expiry date reported as 27-JUN-2016) which underwent an unsupported temperature excursion via intramuscular route. No adverse effects reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of the three reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a Registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age. Patient medical history and current condition was not reported. On 07-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot # K009192 and expiry date reported as 27-JUN-2016) which underwent an unsupported temperature excursion via intramuscular route. No adverse effects reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of the three reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
On 5/14/15 patient was taken to ER by EMS for febrile seizure. Patient's temp at the time of seizure was 103.6. ER Physician informed mom that febrile seizure was caused by MMR vaccine.
Day 84 mumpy measles on skin, high fever, body rash, vomiting, hair loss, diarrhea, chronic in all ears, screaming, coughing. Breathing difficulties, swelling neck, face, etc, etc, etc. Infectious disease, arthritis Dr neurologist. Breast swollen. Seizure activities.
This spontaneous report was received from a licensed practical nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and concurrent conditions were not provided. On 12-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with 2 doses of MMR II (route, lot numbers and expiration dates were not provided). Other suspect therapies included VAQTA (route, lot number and expiration date were not provided). Concomitant therapy information was not provided. On 12-MAY-2015, the patient experienced wrong technique in drug usage process and overdose as the first dose of MMR II was reconstituted properly using the supplied diluent and the second dose of MMR II, administered on the same date, was reconstituted using VAQTA instead of diluent. No adverse effects were reported. At the time of the report, the patient status was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Left arm: red, hot, swollen, tender - Hives around back side of arm. - Labored breathing - sleeping lots. Temp 101.0 (orally) (never before immunized as stated by patient)
Swollen lymph nodes (various locations). Extreme joint pain (various locations). Massive fluid retention. Low grade fever. Rash. Fatigue! Patient is a 56-year-old female. About two weeks ago she got an MMR vaccine and has not felt the best ever since but in the last few days she has noticed lymph nodes in the back of her neck being very swollen. She does admit that she has difficulty taking vaccines and she has been this way for a while. She states she always reacts strongly to them and in fact once before did have lymph node involvement with a prior vaccine although that was not an MMR vaccine. I believe it was a tetanus vaccine. She has no sore throat, no fever that she aware of. No nausea or vomiting or other symptoms mainly joint achiness and then these lymph nodes on the back of her neck somewhat associated with a little bit of a headache. Her past medical history is significant for osteoporosis, hypertension, GERD, fibromyalgia, and tobacco use. She is allergic to penicillin. Her current medicines are EVISTA per chart. Patient is a 56-year-old female that presents to the ER with complaints of left knee pain. She states that she woke up around 1:30 this morning and had pain into her left knee. She took 600 mg of ibuprofen around 2:30 and didn't have relief, so she decided to come to the ER to be evaluated. She believes this is all related to the MMR vaccine that she had on April 8th. On Monday she was with some coworkers eating lunch when she noticed that she had these lumps on the back of her head. She was then seen in clinic that next day by nurse practitioner who gave her ROCEPHIN, 1 gram IM. She states that her lymph nodes are still enlarged at the back of her head and also now into her neck. Now she has just had this sudden onset of left knee pain without knee injury. She believes they are all related and is concerned and wants to have it evaluated.
Woke up vomiting - vomited a few times over the course of an hour.  Broken blood vessels (?) on face.
Severe joint pain, fever, rash, horrible headache, and slept for 17 straight hours.
10 days post MMR 101 fever and increased to 102.3 by 11 days post vaccine, back to normal after 48 hrs. Gave half dose of acetaminophen before bed on day 2 of fever. 10 days post MMR a mild rash developed on face/trunk/legs, more red on day 11, slightly fading day 12 and hardly visible on day 13, lasted 3.5 days total.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker regarding two patients of unknown age and gender. There was no information on patients pertinent medical history and drug reactions or allergies. The healthcare worker reported that on 13-MAY-2015, the two patients were vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II, .5 milliliter (ml), subcutaneous (product lot#, expiry date not reported). No adverse experiences reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. The outcome of the events was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Patient received MMR II and VARIVAX vaccines, developed fever and fussiness, fever did not respond to antipyretics, fever climbed to over 103 degrees, patient experienced febrile seizure.
This spontaneous report was received from a other health care worker and refers to an 40 year old female patient with allergies to codeine and theophylline. The office managers informed that on 19-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (lot# K020188, expiration date 22-OCT-2016) (strength and dosage were not reported) Subcutaneous, left deltoid reported as Lt Del, that was shipped on 04-MAR-2015 and received on 10-MAR-2015. The product was in transit for 6 days, an the temperature was unspecified. None illness at the time of vaccination was reported. No concomitant medication was reported. No adverse effects were reported. None relevant diagnostic tests and laboratory data were reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because all information required was received.
This spontaneous report was received from health care worker and refers to a 2 years old female patient. None known allergies, medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. The office managers informed that on 23-MAR-2015 at 10:30, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II HSA (lot# K020188, expiration date 22-OCT-2016) (strength and dosage were not reported) Subcutaneous, left arm reported as high, that was shipped on 04-MAR-2015 and received on 10-MAR-2015. The product was in transit for 6 days, an the temperature was unspecified. The same day at the same time, the patient also received as concomitant vaccination the first dose of VAQTA (lot no. K02387, Expiration date was not reported) intramuscular, left (high). None illness at the time of vaccination was reported. No adverse effects were reported. None relevant diagnostic tests and laboratory data were reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because all information required was received.
This spontaneous report was received from an office manager who is also a Health care worker and refers to a currently 50 years old male patient. None preexisting allergies, medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. The healthcare professional nurse informed that on 17-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (lot# K020188, expiration date 22-OCT-2016) (strength, dosage and route were not reported) right deltoid reported as Rt Del, that was shipped on 04-MAR-2015 and received on 10-MAR-2015. The product was in transit for 6 days, an the temperature was unspecified. None illness at the time of vaccination was reported. On 22-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the second dose of MMR II (HSA) (lot no. K021950, expiration date not reported) (strength, dosage and route were not reported) left deltoid reported as Lt Del. None adverse effects were reported. None relevant diagnostic tests and laboratory data were reported. Additional information is not expected because all information required was received.
This spontaneous report was received from the office manager who is also a health care worker and refers to a 13 month old female patient. None known allergies, medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. The office managers informed that on 24-MAR-2015 at 09:30 hrs, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (HSA) (lot# K020188, expiration date 22-OCT-2016) (strength, dosage and route were not reported). Subcutaneous, right arm reported as high, that was shipped on 04-MAR-2015 and received on 10-MAR-2015. The product was in transit for 6 days, an the temperature was unspecified. The same day at the same time, the patient also received as concomitant vaccination the first dose (Merck) VARIVAX (lot No. K011084, Expiration date was not reported) left arm (high) and one the first dose of VAQTA (lot no. K023870, Expiration date was not reported) left arm (high). None illness at the time of vaccination was reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because all information required was received.
This spontaneous report was received from the office manager who is also an health care worker and refers to a 13 month female patient with gastroesophageal reflux disease and sensory integration disorder. None known allergies. It was reported that on an 12-MAR-2015 at 16:15 hrs, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II HSA (strength, dosage and route were not reported) (lot# K020188, expiration date 22-OCT-2016) Subcutaneous, left arm reported as high, that was shipped on 04-MAR-2015 and received on 10-MAR-2015. The product was in transit for 6 days, an the temperature was unspecified. on 12-MAR-2015 at 16:15 hrs, the patient also received as concomitant vaccination the first dose of (Merck) VARIVAX (lot No. K011084. Expiration date was not reported) left arm (high) and the first dose of VAQTA (lot no. K023870, Expiration date was not reported) left arm (high). None illness at the time of the vaccination was reported. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information is not expected because all information required was received.
This spontaneous report was received from an unknown source and refers to a 20 years old female patient. None preexistent allergies, medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. It was reported that on 16-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (HSA) (lot#K020188, expiration date 22-OCT-2016) (strength, dose and route were not reported) left arm reported as Lt Del, that was shipped on 04-MAR-2015 and received on 10-MAR-2015. The product was in transit for 6 days, an the temperature was unspecified. None illness at the time of the vaccination was reported. On 04-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the second dose of MMR II (HSA) (lot#K021950, expiration date not reported) (strength, dosage and route were not reported) left arm reported as Lt Del. None relevant diagnostic tests and laboratory data were reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because all information required was received.
C/o symmetric hand/wrist/ankle pain. Pain feels like a deep ache.  No rash, no sob, no respiratory symptoms.  Saw Urgent Care this morning 5/21/15.
Rash starting on trunk 5/20/15. Papular no vesicles, no scabbing. Fever 5/16 and 5/17/15.
Local reaction - quarter sized patch - erythematous with induration to (L) thigh. Fever Tmax 104. Fussiness.
Redness to (R) leg at injection site which worries mom so she brought to doctor.
State Immunization Registry was not updated by staff after MMR #1 and Pentacel #2 were given on April 17, 2015 - patient returned to the office today for immunization update and both MMR and Pentacel were given based off of the un-updated IR listing.
High fever, moderate swelling of nodules between jaw and ear.
Hives all over body. Redness. Swelling. Hospital gave steroids and Benadryl.
Lips swollen, tongue and airway swollen. Hives. Hospital prescribed steroids and Benadryl.
(R) leg swelling and redness at injection site. Mom concerned enough to bring patient back to doctor.
Urticarial rash immediately after vaccines administered localized to injection sites on both thighs.
Blotchy red rash starting shortly after vaccine given and worsened over next 2-3 days. Maculopapular rash on face, neck and trunk.  Less on the extremities. Benadryl.
Swelling, itching, redness, blisters at injection site.
Pt. rec'd 12 mo imm. on 05-11-15. Redness and knot appeared on Lt arm at site on 05-21-15. Pt. seen in office on 5/22/15. (+) Lt upper posterior arm with linear redness; afebrile; non-tender; no other rashes present. Area = 2.5 cm x 0.5 cm. TX = ibuprofen, ice pack; to return prn.
R leg swollen, reddened, warm to touch. Pt stated hurt to walk on. No fever. Too to urgent care, given Abx >10cm aea.
This spontaneous report as received from a certified medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent conditions or medical history were not reported. On 20-MAY-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered one dose of expired MMR II (Batch # J006140, lot # 1720AA, expiration date 17-APR-2015) (route unspecified). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Started out as fever two days prior on May 21st then on 5/23/2015 she woke up with a rash on her head back and chest.
Patient was administered pediatric dose instead of adult.
Red, warm to touch, raised area started 5.22.15 at 8 pm. Went to urgent care-prescribed AUGMENTIN antibiotic, pt. took for 2 days it went away per mom.
Seizures, tics.
Measles like illness 11 days after MMR vaccine: (+) fever Tmax 102 F. (+) maculo-papular rash face/trunk/extremities. (+) LAD. Rx: Observe. Fever continue with TYLENOL/MOTRIN.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 2 year old child female patient. No information about medical history concurrent conditions was reported for the patient. On 27-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with first dose in the series of M-M-R II (dose, strength, route unspecified). No concomitant therapy was reported. On 29-APR-2015, the patient experienced fever, diarrhea and vomiting. On 07-MAY-2015 the patient experienced rash. The outcome of fever, rash, vomiting and diarrhea was reported as not recovered/not resolved. There was no intervention done to prevent serious criteria. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist via company representative refers to a female patient of unknown age. ON 18-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated intradermally, with a dose of M-M-R II (lot #, strength, dose and frequency were not reported). On the same day, the patient experienced little cellulitis (location not reported). The patient sought medical attention - visited office. The outcome of cellulitis was reported as recovering/resolving. The relatedness between vaccination with M-M-R II and cellulitis was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
None - pt wanted meningococcal was given MMRII - no reaction.
This case was reported by a nurse via call center representative and described the occurrence of anaphylactic shock in a 4-year-old female patient who received KINRIX (batch number NS74P, expiry date 20th March 2017). Concomitant products included MMR vaccine. On 21st May 2015, the patient received KINRIX (unknown) .5 ml. On 21st May 2015, immediately after receiving KINRIX, the patient experienced anaphylactic shock (serious criteria GSK medically significant). On 21st May 2015, the outcome of the anaphylactic shock was recovered/resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the anaphylactic shock to be related to KINRIX. Additional information received: A nurse was advised by an allergist to give KINRIX and an MMR (Merck) vaccine at the same time on 21st May 2015. The patient experienced anaphylactic shock immediately after the vaccination. Patient was rushed to Emergency Room. Patient was discharged on 21st May 2015.
Localized reaction to varicella vaccination on Rt thigh SQ. Given KEFLEX and prednisolone. Silver dollar sized raised area with surrounding erythema.
Redness swelling warm to touch.
3 days after vaccines, pt. developed urticaria on his trunk, upper and lower extremities. He was seen at a local ER, and was given prednisolone once daily for 5 days and BENADRYL every 6 hours.
Redness and swelling to vaccination site. (L) lower extremity, afebrile.
Hives and redness appeared around the injection site 5 minutes following the vaccines. 1tsp of children's Benadryl was given and patient was observed at the office for half an hour and then observed an hour after the reaction occurred. After the hour was up, the hives and redness around the injection site started to disappear and patient seemed to be doing well.
Approximately 20 Hives on both forearms. Took Allegra.
Left arm at shot site stared having an allergic reaction, red, swollen, arm, glossy from being so swollen, turned purple lose of circulation in his arm, warm to the touch, and was itchy.
Vaccinated 5/27/15. Fever started following day. Temp max 104.2.
Fever, mild congestion, intermittent cough, Rash that began today 5/29/2015 that started at the nape of the neck and
Excessive diarrhea. Sticking tongue out.
NONE
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a 39 year old female patient. The patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 20-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II (0.5 ml, once, lot# L002242, expiration date: 21-JAN-2017) intramuscularly instead of the recommended subcutaneous route. Concurrent conditions were not reported. On the same day, the patient experienced burning and pain at the injection site following the vaccination. No treatment was given for the events and no lab diagnostics studies were performed. The patient did not seek any medical attention. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causal relationship between the events and MMR II was not reported. No further information was provided. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report a received from a licensed practical nurse refers to a patient of an unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 14-MAY-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (dose and route of administration were not reported, lot # H020255, expiration date 08-NOV-2014). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Patient reports pruritis to face, neck and torso approx 4 hours and 5 minutes after receiving MMR vaccine. Taken to Emergency room where she received Benadryl 25mg, Pepcid 40mg and Prednisone 50mg and given a prescription for same.
Rash.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 18-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II lot # J003787, that had expired on 28-MAR-2015. No concomitant therapies were reported. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Student developed a rash on her face, itchy.
No adverse event, but will still monitor patient.
(2/8/15)-rectal temp-103 degrees went up to 104.5. Went to urgent care. Threw up 3xs in waiting room. Nurse checked his urine. Found no UTI. Went home. (2/9/15)-Nurse called but ended up going back b/c he was rolling around on the ground like he was in pain. (2/10/15)-Back to emergency room. (2/11/15)-Ultrasound emergency room. Found nothing. Had rash on body and 1 sore in mouth. Gave him a measles test but it came back negative, was told it was roseola.
VARIVAX administered on (R) leg on 5/12/15. On 5/16/15 a localized erythematous reaction began which was: 4 cm of erythema with (x5) discrete vesicles near original site on 5/21/15.
Widespread rash resembling measles.
Pt had some erythema and warmth distal to injection site on (R) leg. Occurred several minutes after injection. Gave BENADRYL with quick resolution.
He started coughing, complaining of lips and skin itching/tingling. Eyes were red and watching. Also site reaction to Right arm.
Vomiting at 1am, 1:15am, 1:46am, 2:10am and 3:02 a.m. No fever (97 degree via ear) on May 29. At 8 am 5/29, fever of 99 degrees via ear.
Redness, swelling, heat to L upper arm. Erythema about 10cm. Per ER physician reaction vs. cellulitis, prescribed clindamycin for 30 days.
Pt received vaccine, and after a few minutes, he said he started feeling dizzy, lightheaded, chills, ringing in the ear, and vision changes. He was taken to the vaccine room where he fainted. He regained consciousness within a few seconds. He felt better after a few minutes, firemen came and evaluated him. They did not find anything wrong with him. His blood pressure was also checked.
Per pt's mother pt started to run 102-103 fever on 5/28/15. 5/30/15 rash on whole body. Rash worsen 5/31/15. 6/01/15 rash improved, 6/02/15 rash faded almost completely, no treatment recommend but advised if rash persist or worsen. Pt needs to be seen for further evaluation.
Contracted mild case of measles from vaccine- Dr. confirmed. High fever, loss of appetite, lethargy, loose stools, and rash; lasted 4-5 days.
My daughter complained of being unusually cold, and having numbness in her hand.
AREA INJECTED BECAME PAINFUL, HARD, RED AND HOT TO THE TOUCH.
5/9/2015 developed small red bumps on chest that continued to increase and spread outward for 3 days and then faded away. No fever-eating drinking well.
EDEMA AND REDNESS AT VACCINATION SITE (RIGHT AND LEFT ARM).
Pt developed rash approximately 2-3 hours after receiving MMR/Varivax/PCV13. A fine erythematous rash on trunk and upper extremities with some patches on face. No rash present at injection sites.
Patient was taken to hospital with a 105 degree fever and a febrile seizure.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse who was the mother of a 12 month old male patient. The patient's medical history included food protein-induced enterocolitis syndrome. No drug allergies was reported. On 08-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with VARIVAX (Merck) (Lot number, dose, unit and route were unspecified). On the same day, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II and hepatitis a vaccine (Lot number, dose, unit and route were unspecified) and VAQTA (Lot number, dose, unit and route were unspecified). Concomitant therapies included ZANTAC and PERIACTIN. On 15-MAY-2015, 8 days after onset of therapy the patient experienced pyrexia which she treated with TYLENOL cold sweat, also her son experienced symptoms similar to his preexisting condition (food-protein-induced enterocolitis syndrome) such as diarrhea, mucusy and stringy stool. She also noted that her son has been sleepy, sweaty and clammy although the although the fever had resolved. No lab diagnostics studies were performed. The patient had called pediatrician office and sought medical attention. No product quality complaint involved. The outcome of events was reported as not recovered/not resolved. Additional information has been requested.
Patient came into office with macular papular rash scattered over body. Had fever. Patient instructed to monitor and call if worsens.
Child became febrile up to 103 degrees F and had a seizure.
Muscle weakness, numbness, tingling in entire arm immediately after the SQ injection to the posterior upper arm.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a currently 20 years old female patient. The patient had allergy to amoxicillin, AUGMENTIN. The patient's pertinent medical history and concomitant medications were not provided. On an unspecified date (as a child), the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (dose, route, therapy type, lot # and expiration date were not reported). On an unspecified date, the patient had titers drawn and the result for measles came back as negative. On 21-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the second dose of MMR II (dose, route, therapy type, lot # and expiration date were not reported) as a treatment for the adverse event. The patient's outcome was unknown. The relatedness between the event and MMR II was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
Evening of injections pt had red, hot, swelling to (R) deltoid area. Extended from shoulder to elbow. 3 blistered areas near injection sites. Possible infection. Prescribed Cetirizine and cephalexin for allergic reaction and cellulitis.
On 5/14/15 child received MMR #1 and VARIVAX #1 and Hep #1. Child presented to the Emergency room with a fever of 104 and an apparent febrile seizure.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to an 18 year old female patient. None pertinent medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. At the time of this report the patient had none drug reactions or allergies, and the patient was not pregnant. On 25-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneous, Lot # L003855, expiration date 05-FEB-2017 (dose number and anatomical location were not reported). Concomitant therapies were unspecified. On 26-MAY-2015, the patient experienced injection site irritation, injection site warmth and injection site warmth and injection site erythema. The patient sought medical attention so she went to see the pharmacist. No treatment was given for the events. No lab diagnostics were performed. The outcome of the events was reported as not recovered. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II was not reported. Lot number L003855 has been verified to be a valid lot number for M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
Raised little tiny bumps on both legs (thighs). Mom states that it was worse on her left thigh.
Mild petechiae on his right cheek. We visited the doctor and did the blood test.
Itchy rash and fever.
Hives, fever, swollen face.
High fever 101.9.
Erythema, swelling, warmth and mild induration at injection site began approximately 2 hours after injection placed. Parent gave MOTRIN.
Urticarial lesions face, extremities, trunk 12-24 hrs. after vaccine administration. No respiratory distress. No dysphagia. No vomiting. No fever. No angioedema. Transient and resolved totally with oral dosing diphenhydramine.
8 x 9 cm area of eryth, warm, tender with palp, firm to touch. No streaking, AUGMENTIN 600/429 mg/5mL 5 mL BID.
Patient was given wrong vaccines in error. Was previously given MMR, Varicella and PCV13 on 4/16/2014. These vaccines were given again on 5/28/15 by error.
Maculopapular discrete lesions on face trunk and arm started 2-3 days after his uneventful Td and MMR shot at clinic. Started from face and reached to trunk and head. Seen on day 11.
Seizure (tonic-clonic) 2-3 minutes within 30 seconds-1 min of vaccination witnessed in office.
Patient developed fever of 101 degrees.  We had to take her to the doctor 5 times over the course of April 2015 - June 8, 2015.  Visit 1 she developed an ear infection and fever, visit 2 was pink eye and fever, visit 3 was a virus and fever, vist 4 was a virus, rash, and fever, doctor's visit 5 was another ear infection and fever.
Patient discovered she was pregnant after receiving MMR vaccine.
Irritable, floppy, sleepiness.
5/20/15-heat rash on legs for 2 days. 6/4/15-swelling (R) knee x 24 hrs-resolved. 6/5/15-swelling (L) knee-almost fully resolved as on 6/9/15. Has taken ALEVE x 3d.
When he woke up 10 days after shots, he was listless/less responsive, seem to be staring. He never had fever/rash/other signs of illness. He remained less active/responsive all day, though it did gradually improve over the day. By next day he was normal again.
Fever 102'. 1 week later on 6/6/15 had another fever 100.-102. and has lasted 3 days and on 6/9/15 now has rash on trunk-appears to be measles.
Received varicella in RASQ 6/4/15. Noticed swelling at 12P on 6/5. Became very tender, red and hard and swollen by 2P- showed RN at work and was marked at 35mm. to urgent care at on 6/6/15. Started on cephalexin 500mg QID until resolved-6/9 approx 3mm reddened area afebrile (T-37.4). Recovering pt. states swelling much less and tenderness much improved.
Information has been received from a medical assistant concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. On 26-MAY-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot # J006185, expiry date: 24-MAY-2015, dose and route were not reported). No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a health professional (nurse) refers to a patient of unknown demographics. Patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were unspecified. On 08-JUN-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered with an expired dose of MMR II subcutaneous (lot # J006953, expiry date: 07-JUN-2015). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Fine, macular rash to shoulder and trunk which spread to abdomen and face along with fever, body aches and chills.
Redness to left upper arm. OTC BENADRYL and cool compresses.
Information has been received from a Licensed Practical Nurse referring to a 12 month old female patient without pre-existing allergies, birth defects, medical conditions and no illness at time of vaccination. On 17-APR-2015 at 11:00, the patient was vaccinated with her first dose of (Merck) VARIVAX (lot # K003420, subcutaneous in the right thigh (RT), dose, expired date were unspecified). Concomitant vaccines administered on the same day included MMR II, PREVNAR, and LIQUID PEDVAXHIB. The patient was given (Merck) VARIVAX which had been noticed that freezer temperature was above recommended temperature for safety storage. No adverse reaction occurred. Sibling's experience has been captured in MARRS# 1504USA018771. Additional information has been requested.
(R) upper arm redness, tenderness, warmth and back ache.
Information has been received from the registered nurse concerning to an approximately 5 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 10-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (lot number: K001230 with unknown expiration date (dose, route and frequency unspecified). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse event was reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II was not reported. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Rash to back and spreading to face.
Information has been received from the registered nurse concerning to an approximately 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 17-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot number: K001230 with unknown expiration date) (dose, route and frequency unspecified). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse event was reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. The causality of the events with MMR II was not reported. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
THE INJECTION SITE WAS HARD, RED AND HOT TO THE TOUCH.
Dizziness, blurring of vision, nausea, ringing in ears.
High fever lasting 4 days. Followed by rash covering back and stomach.
Local reaction (L) arm. Pink and swollen 4 inches by 4-5 inches. C/o area being hot and itching. She reports that she is taking BENADRYL and it is better than yesterday. She does not have a fever. I advised a cold compress and BENADRYL prn. If it does not resolved, call her doctor and our office.
Two inch diameter area of induration and redness, tender to palpation w/ localized warmth.
No adverse events. Patient received MMR however already has immunity.
Syncope within 3-5 minutes of giving the  vaccines; slumped from the exam table to chair, briefly unaware what had happened. No difficulty breathing, no swelling of face; had normal BP, pulse and respiratory rates. No headaches, no dizziness and no seizure activity. After a brief interval of being unaware of what had happened, responded to name, asking what had happened. He complained of abdominal pain that felt like a knot. He had no nausea, vomiting, headaches or dizziness. Discharged home with Mom after 1 hr of observation.
It started with 3 small, bright red bumps on my inner right ankle which looked more like mosquito bites.  It was the tiny bright, raised bump on my left leg that appeared the next day that alarmed me.  A bright red patch then surrounded that bump the following day.  Other small bumps appeared on my legs 5/28 and then left arm 5/29.  On 5/30 I had bumps and really bad, itchy hives on both arms upon exiting the shower.  I called my job who told me to return to office to be checked out.  No bumps appeared on my trunk until 6/2 when a small, bright red bump unaccompanied by rash appeared on the right, lower, outside edge of my breast.  I have had no fever this entire time.  I have experienced fatigue.  I have had one episode of wheezing that I was unable to distinguish from the ongoing asthma attack I was already experiencing at the onset of symptoms.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to three patients of unknown age and gender. Patients' medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 15-MAY-2015, first patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored (Merck) VARIVAX (lot number, dose and route were not reported) and a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot number, dose and route were not reported). On 20-MAY-2015, second patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored (Merck) VARIVAX (lot number, dose and route were not reported) and a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot number, dose and route were not reported). On 28-MAY-2015, third patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored (Merck) VARIVAX (lot number, dose and route were not reported0 and a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot number, dose and route were not reported. Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Fever 104 with temporal thermometer at home, 101.7 in office, fussy, not eating.
Temp of 104.2 degrees F 24 hours after vaccines were given. Had cough and congestion 3 days before vaccines. Fever resolved in 24 hrs.
Client stated before injections she was afraid. Immediately after injection client became pale and asked for water. Returning with water. Client appeared to be fainting, then started shaking as if she was having a seizure. Nurse supervisor & charge nurse was called and arrived within 1 minute. Client stated she had never had that reaction before. Given referral to PCP.
Small papular bumps with itching on both arms at sites of MMR and Varicella vaccines, and across abdomen and back. Treated 6/15/15 with depomedrol injection and prednisone PO.
Vaccines given and approximately 10 min. later mother noted small red mark on abdomen and side. Watched in office additional 20 min, child doing well, sent home with instructions to call if any further spots noted.
2 hours after immunization, onset of dizziness and fatigue. Feeling of the floor falling out underneath feet. Nausea and generalized weakness. Symptoms lasted 3 days, worst for first 24 hours post immunization.
10 x 10 cm very red sl raised plaque (R) upper arm centered over MMR site. No pain, heat, swelling, itching.
Red area on Left Deltoid.
Left upper thigh with small area of induration but no tenderness to the proximal region of the side that was demarcated with sharpie. No erythema. No lymphadenopathy.
Rash started at neck and traveled down torso to legs and feet; fever reached 101.5; gave Tylenol and rash went away on its own.
Information has been received from a registered nurse (R.N.) referring to a 26 year old patient of unknown gender. No relevant medical history or concurrent conditions were reported. On 12-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (lot # J006185, expiration date 24-MAY-2015; dose and route not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information is not expected as the reporter did not want to be contacted.
Rash in B/L UE and upper chest. No SOB/mucous memb inv. Never had issues with IZ in the past.
6-9-15 Reaction brought to clinic attention area 10 x 10cm reddened-instructed to use ice-hydrocortisone cream and BENADRYL-returned to clinic 6-12-15 area increased in size remains red-SOLU-MEDROL given R.D.
Pt. has varicella.
Face got red on trip home. Developed hives and erythema to abdomen during a nap immediately after vaccines. Gave 3rd BENADRYL in office, advised to give every 6 hours for 24 hours and CLARITIN 2.5 ml a d x 5 days.
No problem noted after administering Tdap and MMR to pt, then wanted to discuss influenza and administered same at 10 mins later immediately after administration of same and removing needle from patient's arm, his eyes became fixed and developed seizure like tonic and clonic movements which lasted briefly about 5-6 sec. Immediately after, he was alert and oriented x 3, diaphoretic but in no apparent distress.
Fever 102-104 degrees. Diagnosed bilateral otitis media-acute.
Parotitis-right parotid gland swelling and pain better on antibiotics. Started 6/14/15 MMR given 6/5/15. Had MMR #1 5/5/15.
(R) upper arm had swelling and warmth at injection site.
Low-grade fever (101F or less) that persisted for 48 hours, resolved, the patient developed a diffuse macular blanching rash c/w known MMR potential side effect.
Vaccines were administered on June 2, 15. Call from parent 6/12/15 that there was a red hard lump at inj. site. Parent went to urgent care and started KEFLEX for dx cellulitis. Fever: None; Location: Left; Onset: 3-7 days; Duration: Acute; Severity: Mild; Quality: Worsening. Possible reaction to vaccines. Left leg swelling with fevers (102-103), treated as a cellulitis at office (taking KEFLEX). Was warm to touch, swollen etc with some excoriations.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 29-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an unknown dose of expired M-M-R II, subcutaneously (lot # J006137, and expiry date 24-MAY-2015). No adverse event occurred. Additional information has been requested.
Facial tic has developed along with stuttering and bed wetting.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent conditions, medical history and allergies were not reported. On 28-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with one dose of M-M-R II, (strength, dose, frequency, route and anatomical location were not reported) (lot # J008153 with expiration date: 08-JUL-2015), which was improperly stored. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Febrile seizure.
Had well teen exam on 6/1/15 & received MMR on 6/11/15 developed pneumonia (seen in clinic) w/presenting malaise, fever, vomiting. Persistent fever 6/17/15 & seen in ER w/worsening pneumonia. No rash.
Generalized rash, slight itchiness to rash areas. No drainage.
Red, bumps/spots, mild rash, on torso, back, neck and thighs no treatment given did not know what to use: doctor did not suggest anything.
Fever, swollen glands, sore throat, ear pain, itchy, trouble breathing, listless, achy body, confused & spacey, forgetful, emotional, irritable, loss of appetite, laryngitis, stomach pain, cough.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Within 24 hours of vaccine pt developed 3 cm x 4 cm erythematous mildly swollen area below varicella vaccine site. Pt states today 6/18/15 that has egg allergy but pt. answered no to this on vaccine questionnaire yesterday. Treatment - oral ZYRTEC and hydrocortisone.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (route of administration and dose were not reported) (lot number reported as: K016152, expiry date: 24-SEP-2016). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Vomiting, diarrhea.
Redness and swelling at injection site.
Received vaccination 6/12. Very next evening rash started on thighs. Throughout the following week rash spread to legs, trunk and arms. Seen by provider, 6/22/15.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. On 10-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with second dose of M-M-R II (lot# J006140 and expiry date: 17-APR-2015) subcutaneously which was expired. On an unknown date, the patient was vaccinated with first dose of M-M-R II which was not expired. No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint was reported for M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 05-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown gender and age. No information regarding the patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies was reported. On 27-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II, HSA, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously (lot # J006185 and expiration date 24-MAY-2015). No adverse events were reported. No further information was available. Additional information has been requested.
Erythema multiforme. NO Steven's Johnsons. No other symptoms.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 10-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II (Albumin status of HSA (human serum albumin)), lot number K015374, expiration date 18-SEP-2016. No adverse symptoms reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 11-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot # J006953, expire date 07-JUN-2015, 0.5 ml) subcutaneously (Expired vaccine used). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Fever off and on with URI symptoms that started 6/8/15. Last fever 6/17/15 with Tmax 101. Rash started to abdomen on 6/18/15. Rash spread to entire body including face on 6/19/15.
Pt woke on 6/18/15 at 11 pm screaming, not moving, then started jerking for at 5 min, no fever.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 26-MAY-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Fever 101.8 and broke out with rash that mother felt was chickenpox so took child to ER on 6-14-15-Dr felt insect bites but took child back to see NP on 6-16 et bites had white pustules et couple broke open-mother was told child does have chickenpox from Varicella vaccine told to alternate TYL et MOTRIN for fever et calamine for itching.
12 y/o 2 minutes after vaccination, walking to waiting area and syncopized, right side of head struck adjacent wall. Taken to chair. Nausea with dry heave. Normal neurologic exam. Minor erythema to right eyebrow. Monitored for 40 min.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical assistant refers to a female patient of unknown age. On 29-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (injection; lot#J006185; exp date: 24-MAY-2015) (dose and route not reported). No adverse effects reported. No PQC involved. Additional information has been requested.
24 hours after kindergarten shots given, patient returned to our office with left arm red/hot/swollen x 2 in x 2 in.
Fever started 2 days after vaccination.
Patient reports she received varicella vaccination in right upper arm 6-19-15 (AM). By 9:30 PM on 6-19-15, pt c/o pains on left side (legs and arms), followed by flu-like symptoms (aching over entire body). Pt was seen at urgent care facility on 6-20-15 and was given injection of PHENERGAN and blood work done. Awoke on 6-21-15 with redness at injection site approx 90 x 90 mm. Swelling and slight vesicular area approx 20-30 mm. Pt reports this is first varicella vaccination. Has appt on 6/23/15 with primary MD.
Coryza, followed by sore throat, spots on throat, fever, then rash on body.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 01-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-MAY-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 26-MAY-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R-II (route of administration and dose were not reported) (lot number reported as: K016152, expiry date: 24-SEP-2016). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 18-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (route of administration and dose were not reported) (lot number reported as: K016152, expiry date: 24-SEP-2016). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 03-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (route of administration and dose were not reported) (lot number reported as: K016152, expiry date: 24-SEP-2016). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Diffuse pruritic rash; fever, agitation (rash: papular, round, 4-6 mm in diameter, some with vesicular centers)-ongoing. Prednisone 15mg/5ml, 3cc po x 5d.
Pt. complains of nausea vomiting and a headache.
6/3/15 Reported fine rash all over body and pain in fingers and right shoulder. Fingers are also swollen. 6/9/15 Rash and pain/swelling in fingers has resolved. Pain continues in right shoulder.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (route of administration and dose were not reported) (lot number reported as: K016152, expiry date: 24-SEP-2016). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Generalized papular eruption x 3 wks after MMR, became vesicular and pustular a week after; had bilateral inguinal adenopathy 10 days after vaccination.
This spontaneous report was received form a medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 03-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (route of administration and dose were not reported) (lot number reported as: K016152, expiry date: 24-SEP-2016). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-JUN-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-MAY-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 26-MAY-2015, the patient was administered with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153, expiration date 24-SEP-2015, dose was unknown) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 12-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II, lot number K015374, expiration date 18-SEP-2016 (dose and route were not reported). No adverse symptoms reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous reprot as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 08-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II, lot number K015374, expiration date 18-SEP-2016. No adverse symptoms reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II, lot number K015374, expiration date 18-SEP-2016 (dose and route were not reported). No adverse symptoms reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 12-JUN-2015, the patient was administered a dose of improperly stored MMR II, subcutaneous (dose, injection site, lot number and expiration date were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Grand Mal Seizure lasting 3 to 4 minutes. Ambulance ride to nearest hospital, given Ativan and received CT head scan, result negative.  Instructed to follow up with neurologist.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 10-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II, lot number K015374, expiration date 18-SEP-2016 (dose and route were not reported). No adverse symptoms reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Post vaccine pt had syncope episode.
Vomiting-starting 8 hours after immunizations given-reported to our facility the morning after.
This spontaneous report was received from a health care professional refers to an approximately 13 month old female patient. Drug reactions/allergies were none. On 27-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot # K021952; expiry: 10-NOV-2016), 0.5 ml, intramuscular injection. Concomitant medications and medical history were reported as none. On 27-MAY-2015, the nurse reported that a patient developed a welt, redness, and swelling at the injection site within five minutes of receiving the vaccine. The nurse reported that the patient received the M-M-R II intramuscularly (inappropriate route of vaccination). The nurse stated that the patient will be coming back today on 27-MAY-2015, at an unspecified time to see if the welt, redness, and swelling were resolved. No lab tests done. Patient sought medical attention and the physician instructed that the patient take unspecified antihistamines and to apply an ice pack to the injection site. The outcome of all the events at the time of this report and medication error was unknown. Causality assessment for the events was not reported. This case is linked to: 1506USA012544 (same reporter link). Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a health professional refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 22-JUN-2015 the patient received an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot # J006185, expiry date: 24-MAY-2015 .5 ml, subcutaneous. Concomitant medications were not reported. No symptoms were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse who refers to a patient of unknown age and/or gender. The nurse reported that a dose of M-M-R II that expired on 07-JUN-2015 was inadvertently administered to an unspecified patient on 12-JUN-2015. No adverse experiences were reported. No further information was provided. Additional information has been requested.
Small red raised bumps developed on the arms. Since time of onset, red raised bumps have spread to the abdomen, face, and back. No fevers. No local injection site reaction noted.
(R) shoulder shrugging started approx 5 PM increased in freq intermittent and irregular. Gave BENADRYL at 9PM continued during sleep with decreased in freq has happened approx 2-3 times this morning.
Day 17 post vaccine. Developed classic varicella rash. No culture taken.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information regarding the patient's pertinent medical history and concomitant medications were reported. On 12-JUN-2015, the patient received improperly stored MMR II, injection (dose, route of administration, albumin status, lot # and expiration date were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Extra dose of vaccines were administered within 2 days.
Extra doses of vaccines were given.
Extra dose of vaccine given.
Started with Rash, pain in joints, lymph node swelling, sores in her mouth. She was instructed to see her MD and did not think it was necessary until 6/25/2015 when she agreed to call MD.
Pinpoint red rash back, chest, hairline, arms, legs. Afebrile. Lack of appetite. Referred to PCP.
Fever (? how high) mother had no thermometer. She gave her MOTRIN at 7 AM on 06-25-15. Temperature returned to normal. No medical tx given by MD or ER.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 30-APR-2015 or 01-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with either improperly stored VARIVAX (Merck) (strength, dosage, frequency and route unspecified) (Lot: reported as K015375 expiration date: 18-SEP-2016, Lot: reported as K018990 expiration date: 15-OCT-2016, Lot: reported as K011317 expiration date: 13-AUG-2016, Lot: reported as K016153 expiration date: 24-SEP-2016) or improperly stored M-M-R II (strength, dosage, frequency and route unspecified) (Lot: reported as K021930 expiration date: 10-NOV-2016, Lot: reported as K021487 expiration date: 03-NOV-2016, Lot: reported as L001329 expiration date: 13-JAN-2017). It was unspecified exactly which lot # of the vaccine the patient was given. No adverse effects were reported. Follow-up information has been received from the medical assistant on 24-JUN-2015 referring to a 4 year old female with one sibling. The patient's birth weight was 7 lb and 8 oz. The patient's weight was 49 (unit not provided) and height was 44.5 (unit not provided). On 01-MAY-2015 16:00, the patient received her second dose of M-M-R II (lot# K018990, expiration date and dose unspecified), subcutaneously in the right site. No adverse reaction was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested. Patient information, product, event and narrative were updated.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a 43 year old male patient with no drug reactions or allergies and no medical history. No concomitant medications or the patient's concurrent conditions were reported. On 19-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an unspecified dose of VARIVAX (Merck), (dose, lot number, expiration date, route of administration and injection site were not reported). Other suspect therapies administered on the same day included M-M-R II, (dose, lot number, expiration date, route of administration and injection site were not reported) and an unspecified Td (manufacturer unspecified) (dose, lot number, expiration date, route of administration and injection site were not reported). It was also reported that on the same day the patient received a Tuberculin Skin test. On 21-JUN-2015, the patient called the pharmacist to report that he had experienced a vesicular rash at the injection site of the VARIVAX (Merck) starting on the same day. It was also reported that the rash was not itchy, it was not red and there was no swelling at the injection site. The patient sought medical attention via calling the pharmacist. No laboratory diagnostic studies were reported. The outcome of vesicular rash at the injection site of the VARIVAX (Merck) was reported as not recovered at the time of the report. The relatedness between the event and VARIVAX (Merck) and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Pt developed urticaria (hives) within minutes after SQ injection of VARIVAX & MMR. BENADRYL suspension 12.5 mg/5 mL 4 mL po given. Largely resolved 15 mins s/p administration. No throat/lip swelling, difficulty breathing, ER needed.
Nurse inadvertently administered Zostavax rather than Varivax on 6/25/15. On 6/26/15 Mother noted skin lesions on torso and right leg similar to insect bites. Child has redness and swelling at injection site. Later in day complained of pruritis and would not bear weight on left leg. Redness and warmth left kinee, redness, warmth, and swelling left ankle.
Several hours after the vaccines, mother had difficulty arousing her and her eyes rolled back, she felt stiff and war,. Taken to ED where she was febrile and tired. After antipyretics and ZOFRAN, she was alert with normal neuro exam. They felt she had afebrile seizure. She has had running nose and diarrhea since.
Mom states the evening after receiving immunizations that child was walking different and off balance. She denies pain in either leg. No redness or induration either.
Fever and rash 10 days after vaccine. Temp up to 100.7. Macular rash on chest only. No treatment.
Pt. developed a fever and rash on 6-29-15. Pt. seen in E.R 6-29-15 for fever, rash and tender abdomen. Pt. discharged to home in improved condition. Told to admin frequent, small amounts of fluids. Return to ED if worsening abdom pain, persistent vomiting, inability to tolerate fluids.
Rash, fever and swollen gland started on 6-27-15.
My son got the MMR shot on January 26th, 2015. Six days later he started with a fever that got very high, he started with pink eye and said his ears were hurting. My son had never had an ear ache before this. I took him into the doctors and they said he had a double ear infection. They gave him his first antibiotic and eye drops for conjunctivitis. That night his fever got even higher. I called the doctors office and asked if any of this could be related to the shot he had only 6 days before this all started. They said no way. He did get better after a few horrible days of a very high fever. He started with a rash on his face. Then his entire body. I searched online and the only rash I could compare it to was measles photos. It wasn't until the rash appeared that I started doing research online and was shocked to read ear infections and inflamed eyes were symptoms of measles. The first half of Feb., 6 days after the MMR shot, I had a very sick 3 year old. The sickest I've ever seen any of my 3 children.
Ringing in the ear, hearing loss, body aches, hot sweats, fever, chills.
MMR vaccine given IM not subcutaneously. None reported at this time.
I discovered a rash on her abdomin which was followed by a high fever of 103.7. I am waiting for the doctors office to open so I can schedule an appt or talk to a nurse.
None reported at this time. MMR vaccine was given IM not subcutaenous.
This spontaneous report as received from medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 20-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated inadvertently with M-M-R II (lot number: K011317 and expiry date 13-AUG-2016) 0.5 ml injection subcutaneously and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number: L001335 and expiry date: 13-JAN-2017) (dose and route of administration was not reported) concomitantly that had been stored improperly. No concomitant medications were reported. No adverse effects reported. The outcome of improperly stored product was unknown. The reporter considered incorrect product storage to be not related to M-M-R II and VARIVAX (Merck). No product quality complaint (PQC) was filed. No further information provided. This is one of the several reports of the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 19-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated inadvertently with M-M-R II (lot number: K011317 and expiry date 13-AUG-2016) 0.5 ml injection subcutaneously and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number: L001335 and expiry date: 13-JAN-2017) (dose and route of administration was not reported) concomitantly that had been stored improperly. No concomitant medications were reported. No adverse effects reported. The outcome of improperly stored product was unknown. The reporter considered incorrect product storage to be not related to M-M-R II and VARIVAX (Merck). No product quality complaint (PQC) was filed. No further information provided. This is one of the several reports of the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 19-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated inadvertently with M-M-R II (lot number: K011317 and expiry date 13-AUG-2016) 0.5 ml injection subcutaneously and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number: L001335 and expiry date: 13-JAN-2017) (dose and route of administration was not reported) concomitantly that had been stored improperly. No concomitant medications were reported. No adverse effects reported. The outcome of properly stored product was unknown. The reporter considered improperly stored product to be not related to M-M-R II and VARIVAX (Merck). No product quality complaint (PQC) was filed. No further information provided. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a Nurse referring to a patient of unknown gender and age. No concurrent or clinical history was reported. On 25-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (Lot # J003004) 0.5 ml intramuscular (incorrect route of drug administration). No adverse events were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Rash- Four blisters at onset, itches. Fussy. Slight fever.
This spontaneous report as received from medical assistant refers to patient of unknown age. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 20-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated inadvertently with M-M-R II (lot number: K011317 and expiry date 13-AUG-2016) 0.5 ml injection subcutaneously and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number: L001335 and expiry date: 13-JAN-2017) (dose and route of administration was not reported) concomitantly that had been stored improperly. No concomitant medications were reported. No adverse effects reported. The outcome of improperly stored product was unknown. The reporter considered incorrect product storage to be not related to M-M-R II and VARIVAX (Merck). No product quality complaint (PQC) was filed. No further information provided. This is one of the several reports of the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a heath professional concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent conditions and pertinent medical history were not reported. On 15-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II, (lot #, strength, route of administration and dose were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not involved. Additional information has been requested.
Fluid filled vesicle at injection site.
Chicken pox outbreak on neck AND Measles bumps on back and shoulder and forearm.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No pertinent medical history drug reactions or allergies and concomitant medications were reported. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II, dose: 0.5 ml, once, subcutaneously, expiration date: 14-JUN-2015 (lot # not reported). No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Fever for 3 days, swollen body for about a week, and an outbreak of eczema that covered whole body and did not go away until food allergies were discovered.
Patient had multiple vomiting episodes overnight following vaccination. The following day and night, the patient had fevers ranging from 99 degrees F to 104.5 degrees F with some listlessness and ragged breathing. Patient was seen in urgent care where a strep test was performed (test was negative). Patient was given alternating doses of ibuprofen and Tylenol in an attempt to control the fever. The patient was taken to the emergency room on Saturday (6/20/2015) for a fever of 104.5 and was given Tylenol with observation. The next day, on Sunday (6/62/2015) the patient's fever had broken but he began experiencing multiple diarrhea episodes which gave rise to concerns for dehydration. Patient was taken back to emergency room at around 5 or 6 pm due to no wet diapers produced during the day along with no tears when crying. Patient had fluids administered orally under the observation of the ER physician and was discharged in the same evening.
Child administered an expired dose of PCV. Drug expired 01/31/2015, dose given 03/12/2015. No adverse reaction reported to Health Dept. Error found during routine audit.
Urticarial rash on left arm, erythema, swelling, warmth, fluid filled bullae.
Fever, rash and shivering. Fussy, decreased appetite. MOTRIN suspension 10mg/kg PO once. BENADRYL 12.5 mg PO once.
Tremors of upper arms. Regressive gait, abnormal gait. Loss of balance.
Seen in office for 1 year exam. Given Hib, PREVNAR, MMR and varicella. Presented to ER in pm w/fever and seizure activity x 30 seconds. Sent home after ER exam.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 01-JUL-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with expired M-M-R II (lot # not reported, expiry date 17-APR-2015, dose not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No concurrent conditions or pertinent medical history were reported. On 02-AUG-1976, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of M-M-R II (dose, lot number, expiration date and route were not reported). On 15-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired the second dose of M-M-R II (lot # J006954, expiration date 07-JUN-2015) (Inappropriate schedule of drug administration) dose and route were not reported). Concomitant medication was not reported. No adverse symptoms were reported. It was unknown if the patient sought medical attention. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a certified medical assistant (C.M.A.) referring to an unspecified number of patients. On unspecified dates since 02-JUN-2015, these patients were administered an unspecified number of improperly stored doses of PROQUAD (Merck) (lot # K025760) subcutaneously (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the two reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Noticed bald spots on patient's scalp. I waited to see if they would go away. About two weeks after initial notice of bald spots I observed that the spots were actually growing in size. I made an appointment for patient to see her doctor. She was seen March 24 and was diagnosed with Alopecia AREATA. No tests were done. Treatment of steroid was offered but I declined. As of today (07/06/20015) patients hair appears to be growing back but still thin in the areas where the bald patches developed.
Chicken pox.
6/26/15 daytime....our son was balling his fists  and simultaneously saying eeee many times that first day.  6/26/15 8:00pm.  Woke up after 1 hour of sleep, in a cold sweat.  Awake from 8:00pm to 2:00am.  Our son was very hyper, acting as if someone gave him adrenaline.   Day 1 result per my wife, psycho motor agitation.  Wife is a Child Psychologist. 6/27/15, various times and days until 7/2/15. Our son started blinking repetitively while watching television.  We stopped playing television and the Iphone as we realized this was causing the excessive blinking. 7/1/15 (approximate) Repeteadly asking what is that noise and became fixated on Sound.  He is perseverating on the noises. 7/3/15-7/5/15, had fever of 100-103.7 degrees. 7/6/15.  Has become fearful of some sounds and still perseverates on them.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to an 11 months old (not yet 12 months) patient of unknown gender. On 29-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number, expired date, dose and route unknown), a dose of M-M-R II (lot number, expired date, dose and route unknown), and a dose of VAQTA (lot number, expired date, dose and route unknown). The vaccines were given 4 days too early which was considered as inappropriate schedule of vaccine administration. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Developed urticaria between 6/30 and 7/2-not clear that it was within 24 h of imms.
Fever followed by macular rash 2 days later.
Fever, lethargy, loss of appetite, rash on trunk and face.
Large area of erythema near the site of injection appeared with multiple vesicular lesions.  2 days later the lesions have crusted and scabbed over, however a more dissemineted rash began to appear covering my son's back, face, and chest.
Large erythematous, raised rash near the site of injection. 2 days later, rash appeared on her face and several lone red lesions spread on the legs.
4 y old f with hx itchy and erythematous rash on her left leg (posterior area) that follows a dermatoma. The rash started approximately 9 days after she received her 4y old immunizations. The cluster of small dry vesicles extends from the lumbar area all the way to her ankle.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician via company representative and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies and concomitant medications were reported. On 29-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneously, (batch# J006139, lot # 1684AA, expiration date 17-APR-2015) (dose and indication were not reported). No known adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Torso completely covered in hives.
Localized redness and edema surrounding (R) thigh injection site 5 min after receiving vaccines. 4-5 small raised wheals around injection site. No tenderness. No facial swelling or SOB. No vomiting.
Post Tdap at RA/IM, arrived with c/o pain at site with erythema 22 cm. S x S of aches and cold sweats post 4 6 hours from Tdap on 7/6/15 at 1:40.
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to four unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 24-JUN-2015 the patients were vaccinated with expired doses of M-M-R II, lot # J006953 (dose and route were not reported). All four doses of M-M-R II had an expiration date of 07-JUN-2015. No adverse events were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Rash with multiple crusted spots on (R) thigh near where vaccine given concerning for primary varicella.
Patient was registered with incorrect date of birth. The incorrect chart was pulled. Patient was given vaccines that he did not need. Date of birth was not verified at two different intervals of his care.
Symptoms: red blotches on; face, feet, ears, back, legs, and arms, swelling of; face, lips, hands, ears, and feet, lack of appetite. Treated with 1 tsp. Children's Benadryl.  Following Dr. visit was prescribed Hydroxyzine 10mg.
MOC reports child broke out in chicken pox rash 2 days after immunization given.
Pain, swelling, redness, heat over the entire left arm from the deltoid injection site down to the elbow. Treatment: Cephalexin 500mg twice daily x 10 days.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 07-JUL-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II, lot # J007929 with expiry date 28-JUN-2015 (dose and route were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Mom called office 7/9/15 stating left thigh has an area that looks like a mosquito bite directly on injection site. Area is red and warm to the touch. The redness is increasing in size. Mom said area stayed red after injection given 6-29-15.
Steep decline in speech. Within several months increase in screaming fits that he can't be calmed from easily. Starting speech therapy.
Started with a mild sore throat. By evening, sore throat had worsened and was accompanied by headache and stuffy nose. By the next morning, sore throat was still present, along with alternately stuffy and runny nose, mild dry cough, post nasal drip, and tender sinus. Most symptoms are occurring on the side of the body where the vaccine was administered (left arm, left side of throat, left sinus, left nasal passage).
Vomiting, Diarrhea, Fever, Lethargy, Pain, Redness, Swelling at injection site.
Warmth, redness and swelling in left arm.
Hives. ER visit, oral steroid given.
Information has been received from a pharmacist concerning a 51 year old female patient. Pertinent medical history or drug reactions/allergies were unknown. On 21-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (Lot number: # J006953 with expiration date: 07-JUN-2015, dose, route were unspecified). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Rash reported as starting 7/2/15 6-8 red raised bumps in a row on right thigh. Crusty but no weepy this AM. Mom to monitor for varicella rash.
MMR given 6-30-15. Low grade temp 7-8-15. Rash pinpoint -> pea sized 7-10-15.
Fatigue, headache, achiness, arm tingling. Arm/shoulder pain increasingly worse over time and continues to date.
No adverse effect reported by patient.  Patient left after vaccine was administered.
Information had been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patients of unknown age and gender. Information of pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies of the patient were not reported. On 25-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired M-M-R II (dose, strength and route unknown), lot # H016132 with expiration date of 31-AUG-2014. Concomitant medication was not reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. No adverse symptoms were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information had been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information of pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies of the patient were not reported. On 06-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired M-M-R II (dose, strength and route unknown), lot # H016132 with expiration date of 31-AUG-2014. Concomitant medication was not reported. No adverse symptoms were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information had been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patients of unknown age and gender. Information of pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies of the patient were not reported. On 12-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired M-M-R II (dose, strength and route unknown), lot # H016132 with expiration date of 31-AUG-2014. Concomitant medication was not reported. No adverse symptoms were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information of pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies of the patient were not reported. On 22-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired M-M-R II (dose, strength and route unknown), lot # H016132 with expiration date of 31-AUG-2014. Concomitant medication was not reported. No adverse symptoms were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information of pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 20-FEB-2015 the patients was vaccinated with expired MMR II (dose, strength and route unknown) albumin status of rHA, lot # H016132 with expiration date of 31-Aug-2014. Concomitant medication was not reported. No adverse symptoms were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 09-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (LOT # J007155, expiration date: 20-JUN-2015) dose and route were not reported. No symptoms reported. Additional information has been requested.
No adverse symptoms or signs. Employee administered PENTACEL reconstituted with wrong diluent.
Pt came to our clinic, has swelling of both eyes and mom states pt has difficulty breathing, brought to treatment room, epinephrine and Benadryl given, monitored and sent home when stable, F/U appt booked for 7/15/15.
Mild fever, diarrhea, and loss of appetite began on 07/01/15 Measles rash began on 07/08/15 and persisted for four days.  Inconsolable screaming for hours at a time and violent behaviors such as biting and hitting has persisted since the day after the vaccination.  Behaviorally he is different, more agitated, violent, and fussy throughout the entire day.
12 mo female given MMR, VZV, Hep A #1 7/2. Mom noticed rash few days later on thigh. CC rash starting on thigh and abdomen a few days after varicella and MMR vaccine. It seemed to resolve for 1 day then came back with much more diffuse distribution. Now present on face, torso, back, legs and arms. She is not itching except when she sees her belly, then she'll grab at it. Mom reports that she's felt hot, but she hasn't had a thermometer to take temp.
Redness, swelling of right upper arm.
High pitched screaming for hours, inconsolable, lack of appetite, when she did fall asleep if we laid her down she would immediately scream, low grade fever (100-101).
Information has been received from a Licensed Practical Nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no pertinent medical history or drug reaction/allergies reported. On 10-JUL-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered with a dose of expired M-M-R II (lot # J007930, expired date 28-JUN-2015, dose and route were unknown). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
10-11 raised red circle which traveled around arm into axillary area and down almost to elbow on her R arm.
Hives slowly started showing and the allergic reaction peaked around 6:00 PM with hives all over back, shoulders and neck and swollen, puffy, itchy eyes.
Local redness, swelling (Right deltoid); Body ache; chills; headache; sweating.
Patient reports left upper is puffy, red and sore. Reports that area of concern was the size of a quarter 7/14/15, but today is the size of a fifty cent piece &/15/15). Reports has to be MMR or varicella because it was once given at 45 degree angle).
This spontaneous report as receive from a physician via field representative refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 03-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the expired dose of M-M-R II (lot number J006954 and expiration date 07-JUN-2015) (dose, route of administration not reported). No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a certified medical assistant (C.M.A.) refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information regarding the patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medication and drug reactions or allergies was reported. On 10-JUL-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with one dose of expired M-M-R II, (dose was not provided), lot # 1684AA, batch # J006139, expiration date 17-APR-2015. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Cellulitis developed over the area where varicella and PCV 13 were given.
Cellulitis developed over vaccine injection site on right leg after receiving varicella and PCV 13.
Lips swelling, hives, fever.
Fever to 101.2 degrees (F)- decreased oral intake. Mild conjunctivitis. Discrete rash without vesiculation or confluence with spread from head down body.
Left arm is with swelling, warmth and redness measuring approximately 7cm X9cm.  Client did relate that it hurts.  Was noticed as still being red when she got out of the swimming pool and is in the same area as her shot.
Received varicella vaccine 9 days ago has a rash on right thigh size of a dime which has grown to size of quarter in two days sensitive to touch. Prescribed mupirocin topical cream for rash.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report as received from a registered nurse refers to a 24 year old female patient. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. The patient had received 2 doses of MMR II on unspecified dates, when she was a child. On 07-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a booster dose of MMR II. Concomitant medications were not provided. The patient was seen by her healthcare provider on 22-MAY-2015 and had titers drawn which showed negative immunity for measles, mumps and rubella. The patient sought medical attention (was seen by an unspecified healthcare provider). The nurse also stated the patient was currently pregnant; she was in her early pregnancy because she had her menstrual period last month approximately on an unknown date in April 2015. The pregnancy outcome was outcome pending. No treatment was provided for the events. Action taken with the vaccine was not applicable. The outcome of antibody test negative and exposure during pregnancy was unknown. The causality was not provided for the event antibody test negative. Additional information has been requested.
Hives on neck, chest, back and groin. Mother called nurse at state health center who directed her to go to ER (child had no swelling of the face, tongue or lips, no respiratory distress). Child treated with Benadryl and oral steroid (Prelone). Spoke with mother 9:00am 7/17/15, child slept well and much improved this morning, hives clearing up, almost gone.
None.
MMR, VAR and KINRIX given to pt who was anxious. Within seconds broke out in hives and complete rash head to toe. Pt checked no SOB or other sx given BENADRYL 2 Tsp and within seconds rash disappearing. Called and checked on afternoon mom said rash gone site areas also fine.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a 14 month old female patient with no drug reactions or allergies and with no medical history. No concomitant medications were reported. On an unspecified date in February 2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II, (dose, route of administration, injection site, lot number and expiration date were not reported). It was reported that after the vaccination the patient developed a 1 inch red hive-like bump near the injection site (on an unspecified date in February 2015). According to the reporting medical assistant, the child was observed for 20 minutes and the red bump diminished during that time, but it did not disappear completely by the time the patient left the office. The patient did not seek medical attention. No laboratory diagnostic studies were performed and no treatment was given for the event. The outcome of a 1 inch red hive-like bump near the injection site was reported as recovering at the time of the report. The relatedness between the event and MMR II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
105 degree fever x3 days, very weak, loss appetite, got easily irritated, her cry changed, runny nose, rash on belly or chest, ear infection.
Patient received vaccine 5/19/15 the next day fever and not feeling well. 5/28 patient started with rash on back and belly. Red raised bumps with a lighter ring around each spot. 5/30 rash spread to head and face and more severe on trunk of body. Went to a urgent care. They said it was a MMR rash from the vaccine it will go away on its own no treatment given. They instructed mom to have provider report the reaction.
No adverse event reported. I, LPN was given several vaccines by another LPN to give to said patient. Upon charting said vaccines, after they were given, I realized patient had been previously given the same injections the month before. Upon further investigation I found where patient had titer performed for MMR; 9 days prior to first injection and was reactive.
Acute vomiting, disorientation.  After he had vomited a few times at around 5:30 am,  he laid back down. He began vomiting again, and I picked him up and he continued to vomit with his eyes closed limp in my arms.  I tried to talk to him but he would not answer.  He eventually answered me after a few minutes, but seemed very out of it.  I took him to the ER where he was treated with Zofran. This stopped the vomiting.  At the ER he was alert and had become more alert to not he 25 minutes drive to the ER.  His appetite was noticeably decreased for first 48 hours.  Crying more easily than normal.  Swelling and redness at injection site.  Ran low grade fever of 99.5 or so within about 6 hours of vaccines which continues to today.  On the morning of 7/15/15 he woke up and complained that his heart was beating very fast.  He told me mommy I'm not nervous or scared but my heart is beating so fast and proceeded to cry.  This was right as he woke up.  His heart rate was 150 bps.  He was trembling.  He hadn't eaten much the day before so I got him orange juice and crackers.  He had slept for approx 15 hours.  He drank the orange juice and ate the crackers.  Within 20 minutes he seemed better.  I am an emergency veterinarian so I tried to tell myself maybe he just had a low blood sugar, but these events post-vaccine are concerning, and this is from a mother and vet who believes in vaccines.  I now think 8 vaccines at once is too much.  I would advise anyone else to break them up.  I wish I would have known that the MMR and Chicken pox vaccines could have been given sooner.  I would have given them when he was 4.  However, one month before kindergarten starts there was little time to make vaccine decisions.
High fever, rash, fatigue, generally acting/feeling sick.
Erythematous macular blanching rash over entire body. No hives. No petechial.
Patient's mother finally produced a previous immunization record for patient and that is when we realized we did not have to administer the shots today.
This spontaneous report was received from a female patient of unknown age who is also a physician referring to herself. The patient did not have pertinent medical history and not drug reactions or allergies. The physician reported that she received an unspecified number of doses of unspecified MMR II (manufacturer unknown) vaccines for prophylaxis on an unspecified dates in 1977 and 1978, and due too poor quality documentation in her medical records, the physician was uncertain whether she received separate doses of ATTENUVAX, MERUVAX II and MUMPSVAX (strength, doses, frequencies, routes, anatomical locations, lot numbers and expiration dates were not reported), or whether she received doses of MMR or MMR II (strength, doses, frequencies, routes, anatomical locations, lot number and expiration dates were not reported). The physician did not have her medical records and was required to have titers drawn on an unspecified date in May 2015, which showed that her titers were too low and therefore negative for immunity to MMR II. As as result, the physician was then administered a dose of MMR II (strength, doses, frequencies, routes, anatomical locations, lot numbers and expiration dates were not reported). There was not concomitant medication. Subsequently, on an unknown date in 2015, 12 to 14 days after she received the dose of MMR II, she experienced severe pharyngitis, rhinitis and conjunctivitis which progressed to sinusitis. The patient sought medical attention on an unknown date through visited her physician and was prescribed AUGMENTIN (strength, dose, frequency and route were not reported). On the other hand, on an unspecified date in June 2015, the physician's titters were re-drawn, which showed she was immune to mumps and rubella, but not to measles described as 0.2 away from being immune. The outcome of measles antibody negative was not recovered/not resolved. The outcome of mumps antibody test negative and rubella antibody negative was recovered/resolved on an unspecified date in June 2015. The outcome of pharyngitis, rhinitis and conjunctivitis was unknown. The reporter considered conjunctivitis, rhinitis, pharyngitis and sinusitis to be not related to MUMPSVAX, MMR, MERUVAX II and ATTENUVAX. The relatedness between measles antibody negative, mumps antibody test negative and rubella antibody negative and therapy with MMR II, MUMPSVAX, MMR, MERUVAX II and ATTENUVAX was not reported. Additional information is not expected because the reported wanted to remain anonymous and her contact details were not provided.
This spontaneous report as received from registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and unknown gender. On 15-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot#, dose and route were not reported) which was expired on 20-JUN-2015. No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was reported for M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
6/30-7/4: bad headache. 7/7: sudden onset of arthritic symptoms in fingers, knees, ankles, and toes. Tried NSAIDs for one week (ibuprofen then indomethacin), with no improvement. Now on a 6 week course of prednisone as prescribed by Drs. at Rheumatology Clinic.
Information has been received from a nurse (also reported as Certified Medical Assistant) referring to five unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. On 11-JUL-2015, the five unspecified patients were administered MMR II which underwent a supported temperature excursion. No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
3 x 4 in. area on left tricep from MMR vaccine given 7/10/15 red, slightly swollen, tender and itchy.
Vomited soon after shot. At home-shower. Red rash neck-tummy. Child complained-tummy pain, (R) arm pain. Few bumps on chest.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 17-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II (dose, injection site, route of administration, lot number and expiration date were not reported). It was also reported that the patient received two consecutive doses of MMR II, (dose, injection site, route of administration, lot number and expiration were not reported) on 16-MAR-2015 and 26-MAY-2015, respectively. No adverse symptoms were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 26 year old male patient with asthma, anxiety and penicillin allergy. On 09-JAN-2015 and 11-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with respectively with the first second dose of (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (lot #, expiration date, dose and route were not provided) and with MMR II (lot #, expiration date, dose and route were not provided). Concomitant therapies included ATIVAN. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient's antibody titers to measles, mumps, rubella and varicella were negative. The outcome of varicella virus test negative, mumps antibody test negative, rubella antibody negative and measles antibody negative was unknown. The causality between the events and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX and MMR II was not provided. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Large local reaction with urticaria surrounding injection site. BENADRYL 12.5 mg PO and cold compress given. Pt observed for 30 minutes and normal vitals. Smaller urticarial rash after 20 minutes.
C/O itching at MMR injection site; flushed; eyes became red; c/o difficulty breathing; emesis x 3; warm and clammy; hypotensive.
PER MOM STATES WOKE THAT AM WITH SMALL KNOT ON LLE THAT KEPT GETTING BIGGER BY THAT AFTERNOON.
Pt broke out in a small quarter size rash/hive near location where vaccine administered immediately after receiving vaccine. Varicella right thigh.
PT STATED SHE WAS FELT DIZZY 15 MINS AFTER VACCINES WERE GIVEN. LAY PT WITH WITH BOTH FEET ELEVATED, PT STILL COMPLAIN OF TIGHTNESS IN THE THROAT. 7/22/2015 @1114  Code Blue called overhead to Immunizations Clinic. @1115  LCDR, HMCS, NP, RN, LVN, and MA at the bedside w/ pt. VS noted. 29 y/o DEP female c/o tightness in throat s/p MMR vaccine L tricep SQ by MA. No c/o SOB. Per LCDR, lungs CTA all lobes. Heart RRR. No oropharyngeal edema noted. Up O2 NRB @15LPM, SaO2 100%. @1125  Pt updated to POC by NP. Pt v/u and agrees to POC. Per NPs v.o., pt given Benadryl 50mg, IM INJ, L deltoid, by this RN. MANF: WESTWARD. LOT: 015383. EXP: 01/2017. Pt tolerated well. BP 104/60. HR 65. Per NP exam, lungs CTA, all lobes. No congestion. O2 stable on room air trial, SaO2 100% on RA. NRB d/cd at this time. @1134  Pt c/o returning s/s of throat tightening feeling. Pt updated to POC by NP. Pt v/u and agrees to POC. Per NP's v.o., pt given EpiPen 0.3mg IM INJ, R thigh, by this RN. MANF: MYLAN. LOT 4GM460. EXP: MAR2016. Pt tolerated well. Up O2 NRB @15LPM, SaO2 100%. @1136  BP 110/68, HR 72, 100% NRB @15LPM, @1140  Pt transported to Tx room via W/C. Pt placed on gurney, side rails up x2. Blankets provided. @1145  SaO2 100% on NRB @15LPM. HR 72. MA and HN at the bedside. @1200 - Per MA, NP at the bedside. O2 NRB d/c'd at this time. @1210 - Pt resting comfortably. No c/o SOB, or tightness in throat at this time. BP 106/62, HR 86, O2 99% on RA.  Will continue to monitor. @1219 - BP 106/70, HR 83, SaO2 100% RA. @1225 - Pt up OOB to BR via W/C. No c/o at this time. NP at the bedside. @1230 - BP 106/60, HR 94, SaO2 100% RA. @1245 - Per NP's v.o., discharge instructions reviewed w/ pt and pt friend. Strict 911/ED precautions reviewed. Advised to f/u w/ PCM as needed. Pt/pt friend v/u and agree to POC. Pt d/c'd to home w/ friend to drive pt home. Pt transported to POV via W/C. NP updated.
Area of redness, swelling and pain underneath her left upper arm. Mild itching.
Torticollis, acute pharyngitis, nasal congestion, neck pain. 12 days after vaccine was given.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse and refers to a 4 month old patient of unknown gender. There was no information about pertinent medical history, drug reactions and allergies and concomitant medications provided. On 08-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of VARIVAX (lot#, expiration date, dose were not reported) and MMR II (lot#, expiration date, dose were not reported), both vaccines were given subcutaneously. No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 21-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II subcutaneously which expired on 28-JUN-2015. This was supported. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Imm given 6/26/15 at 9:00 AM. Mom states (L) arm had a little red dot. 6/28/15 mom states child ran into something and the area became very red and warm and had a huge knot. Took to ER was told it was allergic reaction to vaccine.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to an 18 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 11-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored VARIVAX (Merck) lot number K021487 (dose and route were not reported) and a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II lot number K015374 (dose and route were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 15-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX lot number K010441 (dose and route were not reported) and a dose of improperly stored MMR II lot number reported as 002528 (dose and route were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is the one of the several reports from the same reporter source. Lot number 002528 is an invalid lot number for stored MMR II. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 20-MAY-2015, the patients was vacinated with a dose of improperly stored VARIVAX (Merck) lot number K010441 (dose and route were not reported) and a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II lot number reported as 002528 (dose and route were not reported). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is the one of the several reports from the same reporter source. Lot number 002528 is an invalid lot number for stored M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
Developed purple-like rash/petechiae. Otherwise acting OK. Happy. Eating and drinking. No fever. No outside travel.
RASH.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 20-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II lot number reported as 002528 (dose and route were not reported). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is the one of the several reports from the same reporter source. Lot number 002528 is an invalid lot number for stored M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Patients' medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 28-MAY-2015, first patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II lot number reported as 002528 (dose and route were not reported). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is the one of the several reports from the same reporter source. Lot number 002528 is an invalid  lot number for stored M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
Father states pt has redness and swelling on the left arm one week after vaccination.  Next day, swelling gone and redness decreased.  Cool compress to affected site.
Mother states L upper deltoid swelling, redness and sore to the touch at site of DTaP vaccination. Swelling noted adverse reaction the day following vaccination.
Mother report pt upper L deltoid bruising on 7/22/15, post administration of DTaP vaccine at site. Redness, swelling noted in office (7/23/15). Pt treated for dx: cellulitis. tx: Septra oral antibiotic x 7 days.
Petechial rash on cheeks and left ear.
Diarrhea for five days.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker(medical assistant) referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information about patient's concurrent conditions and medical history was not reported. On 22-JUL-2015 the patient inadvertently received a dose of PROQUAD (Merck) (dose, route not reported, lot # K025766 with expiration date 08-JUN-2016) instead of an intended dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (wrong vaccine administered). The patient also received a dose of M-M-R II during the same visit on 22-JUL-2015. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Extreme sensitivity and massive swelling of upper right thigh. Red blotches around injection sight.
Fever and myalgias; nausea and vomiting.
Syncope & sweating. Client laid down with feet up and fan on her for about 20-30 minutes with this nurse and her mom.
Stomach ache, nausea, throbbing head pain that increased when going from sitting to standing orllay in to standing, fever of 100.4, lethargic- slept more then usual.
Fever, chills, weakness, severe pain with swelling at location of injection and physically unable to lift arms or body, unable to walk without assistance, perform usual activities, personal hygiene, dressing or drive vehicle. Severe pain of joints, jaw, neck, spine. Headache, heart racing, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, blurry eyes, dizzy, unable to sleep or be comfortable, unusual behavior and moodiness.
Woke up that morning to hot and cold flashes, extreme nausea and vaginal discharge.  Started having joint seizures to the point she couldn't move her hands.  Lost full function of the hands, but was systemic to all joints in body.  Lasted 2 hours.  Went to the ER.  They were vague, stated they couldn't link symptoms directly to vaccination.  Went to her PCP.  Patient didn't realize she was pregnant, but miscarried on 7/12/15.  Her PCP felt her symptoms and miscarriage were related to MMR vaccination.  PCP drew MMR titer, and patient claims her Rubella titer returned with extremely high numbers.  The other components of the titer were in normal ranges.  My PCP feels I'm extremely susceptible to Rubella vaccination and should claim medical exemption.  Episode lasted 4 days total.
Pt was pale, clammy, cold to touch, lethargic, HR 54bpm, for about 20 minutes.
Developed rash and fever, negative strep test on 7/28/15, fever better but rash worsened on 7/29/15.  Rash consistent with erythema multiforme.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 14-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with expired dose of MMR II lot # J0101577/0457AE and expiry date of 11-JUL-2015 (unknown strength, route and dose). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of expired product administered was unknown. There was no product quality complaint involved. Additional information is not expected as reporter denied further contact.
Patient developed fever and began seizing. Diagnosed with otitis media at this time. Has continued to have febrile seizures and had none before given these immunizations.
Pt had a fever of 103.8 on 7-17-15 and a seizure in the early morning on 7-18-15. Full body rash.
None stated.
This spontaneous report as received from nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 02-JUL-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored, MMR II, lot # K007107 (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
(L) thigh localized inflammation/irritation. No temp or leg pain. Mild itching - resolved with BENADRYL. Small area of erythema persisting.
This spontaneous report as received from nurse practitioner refer to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 02-JUL-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored, MMR II, lot # K007107 (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality compliant reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 05-JUN-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored MMR II vaccine, lot # K002528, expire date: 18-Feb-2016, (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
6.5cm x 7.5cm - area reddened.
7/22/15 suspect chicken pox after varicella vaccine administered 7/15/15. Patient looks well-ok to return to day care. 24 hours after rash has scabbed over or to get 2nd vaccine in future as per CDC.
2 inch red indurated area right upper back arm. where Varicella vaccine given 2 days ago. No c/o, does not itch. Did not notice the area, mother pointed out to her it was red.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 29-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX lot number K021487 (dose and route were not reported) and a dose of improperly stored MMR II lot number reported as 014833 (dose and route were not reported). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. Lot number 014833 is not valid lot number for MMR II. This is the one of the several reports from the same reporter source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician an office manager refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 05-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K014833, expiration date 14-SEP-2016 (dose, dose number, route and anatomical locations were unspecified). Concomitant therapies were not reported. On 24-JUN-2015, the patient was revaccinated with an unspecified lot of MMR II. No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician and office manager refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 09-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K014833, expiration date 14-sEP-2016, for prophylaxis (dose, dose number, route and anatomical location were unspecified). No adverse effects reported. Concomitant therapies were not reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. ON 21-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX lot number K021487 (dose and route were not reported) and a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II lot number reported as 014833 (dose and route were not reported). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter source.  Lot number 014833 is not valid lot number for the M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 26-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX lot number K021487 (dose and route were not reported) and dose of improperly stored M-M-R lot number reported as 014833 (dose and route not reported). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. Lot number 014833 is not valid lot number for M-M-R II.This is one of several reports from the same reporter source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from nurse practitioner refers to a patient of an unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored, MMR II vaccine, lot # K002528, Expired date 18-FEB-2016, therapy type not provided, (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored, MMR II vaccine, lot # K002528, expire date, 18-FEB-2016, therapy type not provided, (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history was not reported. On 20-JUL-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (dose, route, site of administration, lot #, expiration date and therapy type were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 05-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K014833, expiration date 14-SEP-2016, (dose, dose number, route, albumin status and anatomical location were unspecified). No adverse effects reported. Concomitant therapies were not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 18-MAY-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K014833, expiration date 14-SEP-2016 (dose, dose number, route, albumin status and anatomical location were unspecified). Concomitant therapies were not reported. On 25-JUN-2015, the patient was revaccinated with an unspecified lot of MMR II (dose, dose number, albumin status, lot number, route and anatomical location were unspecified). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
Developed rash on scalp, chest arms, legs. Small ovoid 0.5-1 cm well defined scaling lesions in a patchy distribution.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician regarding a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. There was no information about concurrent condition and historical medication. In approximately 2012, at 15 months, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of M-M-R II (lot number, expiration date, dose, anatomical location, albumin status and route were unspecified without incident. On 08-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated, for the second time, with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K014833, Expiration Date  14-SEP-2016 (dose, anatomical location, albumin status and route were unknown). No concomitant medication was reported. On an unknown date in 2015 the patient experienced fever (pyrexia). The outcome of the event was unknown. The relatedness between the fever and M-M-R II was not reported. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 29-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated subcutaneously with an expired 0.5 ml dose of M-M-R II (therapy type: rHA) (batch # J006139; lot # 1684AA; expiry date: 17-APR-2015). No concomitant therapies were reported. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Vomiting- since 12 July; fever- 12 July to 1 Aug; burning in feet- 15 July to present; teeth hurting-15 July to present, headache- on and off since 12 July, nose bleeds- on and off since July 12; diarrhea -since July 12.
Fever to 103.5.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a 12 month old patient. The concurrent condition, medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 21-JUL-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously and PROQUAD (Merck) (dose, route and lot details unavailable). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 02-JUL-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored M-M-R II vaccine, rHA therapy type, lot # K007107, expire date 16-MAY-2016 (dose, route therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports received form the same source. Additional information was been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 19-JUN-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored MMR II vaccine, lot # K002816, expire date: 25-FEB-2016 (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history or concurrent condition was not provided. On 17-JUN-2015, the patient received a dose of improperly stored MMR II 0.5 ml, (lot # J014876, expiration date 21-NOV-2015, therapy type rHA (recombinant human albumin)) subcutaneously. Concomitant drug was not reported. No adverse effects were reported. It was unknown whether the patients sought medical attention. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history or concurrent condition was not provided. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient received a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II 0.5 ml, (lot # J014876, expiration date 21-NOV-2015, therapy type rHA subcutaneously. Concomitant drug was not reported. No adverse effects were reported. It was unknown whether the patients sought medical attention. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker (medical assistant) refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 20-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (lot # reported as J000534, expiration date 12-JUL-2015, dose and route of administration not specified). Lot # reported as J000534 has been verified to be not valid for MMR II. No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 23-JUN-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored MMR II vaccine, lot # K002816, expire date: 25-FEB-2016 (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
No adverse event pt verbally requested MMR but wanted varicella.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 29-JUN-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored MMR II vaccine, rHA therapy type, lot # K002816, expire date: 25-FEB-2016 (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 18-JUN-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored MMR II vaccine, lot # K002816, expire date: 25-FEB-2016 (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from nurse practitioner refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions reported. On 22-JUN-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered with improperly stored MMR II vaccine, rHA type, lot # K002816, expire date: 25-FEB-2016 (dose, route, therapy type not reported). No adverse effects reported. No product quality complaint reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history or concurrent condition was not provided. On 09-JUL-2015, the patient received a dose of improperly stored MMR II 0.5 ml (lot # J014876, expiration date 21-NOV-2015, therapy type rHA (recombinant human albumin)) subcutaneously. Concomitant drug was not reported. No adverse effects were reported. It was unknown whether the patients sought medical attention. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Headaches daily, swollen lymph and neck, loss of appetite, nausea, tender belly. Blood tests reveal nothing. Chiropractic and lymph massage provides temporary relief. Can't afford neuro feedback treatment.
Urticarial rash of right thigh, persisted for about 24 hours.
Measle like rash on patient's body.
Rash started yesterday on the back then spread to legs/arm.
This spontaneous report as received from a health care worker and a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown and gender. Concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. The healthcare worker mentioned that on 13-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (HSA). The medical assistant reported that Lot number was reported as J010158, expiration date 11-JUL-2015, 0.5 ml subcutaneously (dose was not reported) in preparation for a trip. Concomitant medication was not reported. No adverse symptoms reported. Additional information has been requested.
REDNESS AND SWELLING AT VACCINATION SITE L DELTOID. AREA HOT TO TOUCH AND TENDER TO TOUCH. MOM STATES, SWELLING INCREASING.
This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 28-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (lot # J008154, expiry date 08-JUL-2015 ). No adverse experienced was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from an office manager concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no medical history or drug reaction/allergies reported. On 22-JUL-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot # J006994 and expiration date: 14-JUN-2015). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
No adverse reaction noted. Extra dose of MMR received.
Hands quivering, quiet affect, fever, decreased appetite.
7/29 2 days after immunizations 10x10 cm erythema (R) thigh at site of KINRIX immunization. Hot and locally tender. No fever, no joint pain. Cool compresses and TYLENOL recommended. Called pt 7/30 AM and resolving/much better. Small 2.5 x 2.5 cm erythema (L) arm at site of Varicella. Hot/tender locally.
A few days after vaccines, both wrists began to swell, ache and generate heat. About 7/18, some fingers (L) and (R) began to swell, stiffen and ache. Started taking 2 ALEVE in AM, 2 in PM. 7/23 stopped pilates started wearing wrist guards to limit movement. One finger turned purple and very swollen. Rt. wrist swelled to mid-forearm. Alternated heat and cool treatments-by 7/29 purple gone, swelling is subsiding. Worse morning and evening.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent condition and medical history were not reported. On 21-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot # K003806, expiration date) (Strength, route and dose were not reported); and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (Lot # K021487, expiration date 03-NOV-2016) (Strength, dose and route were not reported). No adverse reactions were reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Patient broke out with what looked like bug bites down her left leg.  By the end of the day, they were on her arm also.  The next day, it was on both legs and both arms.  By the third day, she had the outbreak on her neck, face, feet, and a few on her back.  She continued to have new pox pop up for two weeks.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No concurrent or medical history was reported. On unspecified dates the patients were administrated unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot number J006137, expiration date 24-MAY-2015 and lot number K008814, expiration date 19-JUN-2016) (strength, route and dose were unknown). No adverse event was reported. Follow up information has been received from the registered nurse on 27-JUL-2015 concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. On 05-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot# reported as J006137, expiration date: 24-MAY-2015, strength, route and dose were unknown). This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested. Patient's information, products and narrative were updated.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No concurrent or medical history was reported. On unspecified dates the patients were administered unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot number J006137, expiration date 24-MAY-2015 and lot number K008814, expiration date 19-JUN-2016) (strength, rout and dose were unknown). No adverse event was reported. Follow up information has been received from the registered nurse on 27-JUL-2015 concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. On 06-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot# reported as J006137, expiration date: 24-MAY-2015, strength, rout and dose were unknown). This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested. Patient's information products and narrative were updated.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No concurrent or medical history was reported. On unspecified dates the patients were administrated unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot number J006137, expiration date 24-MAY-2015 and lot number K008814, expiration date 19-JUN-2016) (strength, route and dose were unknown). No adverse event was reported. Follow up information has been received from the registered nurse on 27-JUL-2015 concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. On 21-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot# reported as J006137, expiration date: 24-MAY-2015, strength, route and dose were unknown). This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested. Patient's information, products and narrative were updated.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No concurrent or medical history was reported. On unspecified dates the patients were administered unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot number J006137, expiration date 24-MAY-2015 and lot number K008814, expiration date 19-JUN-2016) (strength, route and dose were unknown). No adverse event was reported. Follow up information has been received from the registered nurse on 27-JUL-2015 concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. On 10-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot# K008814, expiration date: 19-JUN-2016, strength, route and dose were unknown). This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested. Patient's information, products and narrative were updated.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No concurrent or medical history was reported. On unspecified dates the patients were administrated unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot number J006137, expiration date 24-MAY-2015 and lot number K008814, expiration date 19-JUN-2016) (strength, route and dose were unknown). No adverse event was reported. Follow up information has been received from the registered nurse on 27-JUL-2015 concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. On 07-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot# J006137, expiration date: 24-MAY-2015, strength, route and dose were unknown). This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested. Patient's information, products and narrative were updated.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No concurrent or medical history was reported. On unspecified dates the patients were administered unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot number J006137, expiration date 24-MAY-2015 and lot number K008814, expiration date 19-JUN-2016) (strength, route and dose were unknown). No adverse event was reported. Follow up information has been received from the registered nurse on 27-JUL-2015 concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. On 24-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot# J006137, expiration date: 24-MAY-2015, strength, route and dose were unknown). This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested. Patient's information, products and narrative were updated.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No concurrent or medical history was reported. On unspecified dates the patients were administered unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot number J006137, expiration date 24-MAY-2015 and lot number K008814, expiration date 19-JUN-2016) (strength, route and dose were unknown). No adverse event was reported.  Follow up information has been receive from the registered nurse on 27-JUL-2015 concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. On 29-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot# J006137, expiration date: 24-MAY-2015, strength, route and dose were unknown). This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a certified medical assistant (CMA) referring to an approximately 23 year old male patient. The information of concurrent conditions, medical history and concomitant medications was not provided. On 14-JUN-1993 and 29-SEP-1996, the patient was vaccinated with the first and the second doses of MMR II injection, 0.5 ml subcutaneously (therapy type: HSA, lot# and site unspecified), respectively. On an unknown date the patient failed to seroconvert to mumps. On 22-MAY-2015 the antibody titer test was drawn and result was the patient was non immune to mumps. The third dose of MMR II injection, 0.5 ml subcutaneously (therapy type: unknown, lot# and site unspecified) was administered on an unknown date in June 2015. The reporter questioned if they need to draw another titer after the third dose of MMR II was administered. No adverse effects were reported. At the time of the report, the patient still failed to seroconvert to mumps. Additional information is not expected as the reporter did not wish further contact.
Sudden onset stuttering. Has never stuttered before, it progressively got worse over the next few days. On Friday am, I consulted his pedi and she said take him to the emergency room. They did no diagnostics and sent us home. It got very bad over the next week and then all of the sudden got a lot better. He is still having stuttering difficulties to this day but has gotten better since the first week.
Itchy Hives starting under clothes area then spread to extremities and face within hours. Given Benadryl for 2 days then added prednisolone.
Information has been received from a nurse practitioner referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about the patient's concurrent condition, medical history and concomitant therapy. On 31-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (strength, route and dose unknown, lot # K024036, expiration date: 26-NOV-2016). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Pt received vaccine and became dizzy and layed down flat. Pt was breathing w/ (+) pulses and arousable. Pt was given water and crackers and felt better w/in 5-10 min. Mom stated legs were convulsing but not witnessed by staff.
Rec'd MMR and Hep B. 2 hours later developed localized itching at injection site along with SOB and throat tightness. Sent to ER. Given muscle relaxer and advised to seek eval with allergist.
Rash on face and trunk, no difficulty breathing. Benadryl given, improved significantly within 10 minutes, oberved and discharged.
Grandmother called clinic on 7-23-15 at 3 pm to report swelling in right arm and fever in child. Family decided to take child to MD today and was calling to ask what vaccines child received in right arm to inform MD.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 29-JUL-2015, the patient was suppose to receive a dose of (Oka/Merck) PROQUAD, (dose, route of administration, injection site, lot number and expiration date were not reported) but instead was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (dose, route of administration, injection site, lot number and expiration date were not reported). No symptoms were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Lower extremity pain, limping, then moderate to severe R thigh and knee swelling and warmth, unable to walk/bear weight due to pain.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's office manage refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. Pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 01-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K014833, expiration date 14-SEP-2016 (dose, dose number, route and anatomical location were unspecified). Concomitant therapies were not reported. No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a health care professional refers to an unspecified patients of unknown demographics. ON 20-JUL-2015 the patients were vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot #K002285, expiry: 12-NOV-2015; L005291, expiry: 17-FEB-2016; L008684, exp 13-MAR-2017) (dose and route  unspecified) which were exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended range. No adverse effects have been reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. No additional information was provided. The outcome of incorrect product storage was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Maculopapular and pustular rash started on trunk.
C/o nausea, loss of appetite, vomiting x 2 sixteen to eighteen hours past immunizations.
Father called on 7/30/15 and reported that on 7/21/15, patient developed bruise with blister in the middle of bruise at injection site on left leg.  Said took to MD who gave them Benadryl and told to give Aveno baths.  Also using Aveno lotion.  Father said patient now has additional bumps that started as a bruise and with a blister developing two days later.  Father said there are 2 on right leg, 1 on back of left leg, and one on right arm between elbow and wrist.  Father states patient has not had fever and does not appear to have itching. Spoke with father again 7/31/15 who called pediatrician to report changes since patient evaluation with onset of symptoms and said was told to continue with Benadryl.
1 1/2 after vaccines given, child developed a generalized pustule rash, worse to upper legs and trunk. On an off fever-a high temp of 103.2. Current temp 97 degrees. Mother gave child MOTRIN, red, warm, hard knot to (R) upper leg injection site 20mm x 10mm.
Wheezing. Sudden onset, lasting approximately 20 minutes.
Swelling of top and bottom lip and hives on back. There was no airway obstruction or wheezing. Patient arrived at the clinic, was seen by a provider and given Benadryl.  He was also given methylprednisolone 4mg for 7 days.  Follow up was provied by provider and nursing staff following the treatment.  Patient recovered with no other issues.
Wrong vaccine given.  Was ordered to give DTaP and gave Tdap.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient received the first doses of M-M-R II and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX on 26-MAY-2011. The patient received the second doses of M-M-R II and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX on 10-DEC-2014. The patient received the first doses of M-M-R II (dose was not reported, lot # K024036, exp. 26-NOV-2016, rHA) and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (dose was not reported, lot # L009204, exp. 17-MAR-2017) on 27-JUL-2015 (extra dose administered). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 23-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot #, expiration date, route and dose were unknown) and a dose of PROQUAD (Merck) (lot #, expiration date, route and dose were unknown) (overdose). No adverse experience reported. There were no product quality complaints (PQC) involved. Additional information has been requested.
There were no adverse events at the time of vaccinations were given. We will be following up with the baby over the next couple of days (daily) to make sure he is doing okay.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effects was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 15-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 12-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Certified Medical Assistant refers to a 5 year old male patient. Concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. The reporter informed that on 01-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II Injection, 0.5 mL subcutaneously in the right arm, lot # J006185, expiration date 24-MAY-2015. No adverse effects were reported and no Product Quality Complaint (PQC) was involved. Additional information is not expected as the reporter did not wish to be contacted for further follow-up.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medications was not reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reported received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 18-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 19-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 18-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 19-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 18-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On an unknown date, these patients was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016 and lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. Follow up information has been received from the medical assistant concerning the 4 years old male patient on 27-JUL-2015. On 17-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151, expiration date 02-NOV-2016, rHA) (incorrect product storage). Additional information has been requested. Patient demographic, product, adverse event and narrative were updated.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 26-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Registered Nurse refers to a 26 year old female patient. She had no pertinent medical history, no drug reactions or allergies and she was not taking concomitant medications. On 01-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot number reported as: K008815 and expiry: 19-JUN-2016) and with a dose of ENGERIX-B (dose, route, lot # not provided). Approximately on 15-JUL-2015 (reported as 2 weeks later), the patient experienced rash all over her body. Due to this event, she visited the Emergency Room on 17-JUL-2015. However, she was not admitted and was discharged on the same day. The patient recovered from rash all over her body on an unspecified date in 2015. Relatedness between the event and suspect vaccines was not specified. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 23-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 16 months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 26-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 12-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source,. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15m months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported.On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 20 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 15-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 16 month old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 26-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 15-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 2 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 24-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 19-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 25-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 16 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 15-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 22-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 2 years old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 19-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 16 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous pregnancy report was received from a nurse refers to a 21 year old female patient. No concurrent condition or medical history was reported. On 26-MAY-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot # K015374) (dose and route of administration not provided) when she was 20 weeks into her pregnancy (Last menstruation period was 05-JAN-2015). No treatment was given for the event. The patient was now 32 weeks pregnant. The outcome of the event was unknown. No product quality issue was involved. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 26-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 26-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 17 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 26-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 23-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 23-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 23-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose od M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Pt developed rash on face that traveled down to abdomen and lower extremities over the next few days.
Red rash started one day after vaccines given 5.5 x 5 cm area of erythema to (L) post deltoid. No fever (100). No SOB, wheezing, cough, lip or tongue swelling or V/D.
Swelling on face w/redness.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 12-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 26-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
High fever 102 x 4 days after vaccination if continues will refer to ER.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 17 months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 24-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Headache, Body aches, Malaise.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 26-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 23-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K021151 with expiration date 02-NOV-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 05-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K016152 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 2 year old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 04-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same course. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 09-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 16 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 02-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 16 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 05-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 08-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old female patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 08-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 11-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 05-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 16 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 05-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported)(Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Course confirmed with MOC. Pt was not pre-medicated before injections on 8/10/15. Pt reported tenderness and soreness in the Left deltoid muscle with limited ROM first day 8/10/15. Pt was groggy next day but reported decreasing pain through the afternoon.  At bedtime, pt reported increased pain and awoke several times in the night crying 8/11/15.  MOC took oral temperature and reported that he was not febrile.  Pain was severe so MOC gave 7.5 mL of children's Motrin which helped.  MOC did not notice any redness until the next morning (8/12/15).  Pt complaining of increasing pain and redness.  Reported to urgent care for follow-up.  Pt presented with a large erythematous rash on the left lateral upper arm.  Irregular margins starting at the deltoid and spanning inferiorly to the middle of his upper arm and horizontally from the anterior margin of his deltoid to the posterior margin of his deltoid.  Pt was seen by a physician and diagnosed with cellulitis.  Margins were drawn with a sharpie and pt instructed to return for increasing margins, streaking or any changes and to follow-up in 24 hours.  Pt received Keflex 550 mg (11 mL) by mouth three times a day for 7 days and Tylenol or Motrin for pain or fever as needed.
Very high fever with multiple generalized tonic clonic seizures.  Some seizures assoc. with high fever and some not.  Also dx with otitis media.
She has been breaking out in hives since the time listed. I woke up this morning (8/12) and the hives had minimized for most of the day but now they are back and as prominent as the first outbreak.
Pt with start of maculopapular rash on face, chest, back and arms. Starting to show vesicles. Concern for chickenpox.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 15 months old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 09-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 4 years old male patient. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 02-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016153 with expiration date 24-SEP-2016; dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Measles, Mumps and Rubella vaccine MMR II administered intramuscular instead of subcutaneously. Called and spoke with CDC and states does count.
T 99.1, no other constitutional symptoms 8cm x 8 1/2cm localized reaction centered on VARIVAX injection with minimal bruising at KINRIX site. Evaluated 17:25 8/5; 52 hours after. Patient received vaccinations on Monday. The shot injection site has a large red area around it. Patient complains of itching in area. Patient's mother states that the area is getting better. Patient's mother has not given any medications. Patient received KINRIX and Varicella in the affected leg.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse, referring a patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent condition and medical history were not reported. On 24-JUL-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II lot # J008534, expiration date on 12-JUL-2015 (strength, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not provided). There was not a product quality complain involved. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Half an hour after receiving vaccines pt started sneezing, developed nasal congestion and hives. Mother returned to office. Child examined by MD-epinephrine 1:1000 0.15 given. Albuterol tx given. Symptoms resolved after 5 min.
1:22 pm Varicella and Measles Mumps and Rubella vaccines->given almost immediate urticarial lesion (2 cm) around site of injection, resolved within 1-2 minutes of giving oral BENADRYL referred to allergist for evaluation.
3 hours after receiving vaccine developed pinpoint spots around eyes and temple areas. Low grade fever also. 8/6/15 TC. Fever subsided rash areas subsiding. Spoke with physician on 08/05 and physician indicated patient was screaming while imms were given and spots were due to blood vessels rupturing.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse refers to a patients of unknown age and gender. Since 26-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (dose and route of administration were not reported; lot # K011188 with exp. date: 12-AUG-2016, lot # K000174 with exp. date: 01-AUG-2016, lot # K004948 with exp. date: 04-APR-2015) which were exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended range. No adverse experiences have been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Patient received MMR vaccine 0.5ml in Right tricep. Seen by provider following vaccine.
Fever 103, chills, fever continued to the next day. On 07/10/2015 started feeling pain in joint all over whole body, especially legs and hands, lower back pain. On 07/13/2015 went to emergency room, blood count for white blood cells --370. Pain in joints and muscles, swollen lymph nodes. Pain in joints and muscles continued during next weeks. Blood test from 07/22/2015 SED rate 80.  Inflammation due to a infection.  Referal to X ray. Pain in joints. Blood test shows rheumatoid  factor.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, drug reactions or allergies and concurrent were not reported. On 31-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II, (lot number, dose and route were not reported). The pharmacist reported that the vaccine expiry date was on 12-JUL-2015, but it was properly stored. There was no concomitant medication reported. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Multiple red vesicular lesions on arms, back, legs and chin. Very itchy, beginning 2 days after IMZ administration. Returned to clinic on 8/12/15 for treatment, given instructions for Calamine/Caladryl OTC lotions.
Right thigh vaccine was administered was swollen, red, painful and warm to touch.
Swelling, itching, grew to the size of about 3 x 3 injection site lasted a week and w/ the adverse effects hot to touch, sore.
Erythema and raised area, 85 x 70 cm, oblong in shape to MMR vaccination site.
Rash started on 7/17/15, 10 days after vaccine given-rash got worse, spread from trunk to face and took to ER on 7/18/15 when welts appeared-T 98.9-gave Ibuprofen Q 6 h prn.
Pt. received vaccinations at 1008. Pt. became dizzy, diaphoretic, dizzy, N/V at 1020. Temp 99.2, BP 110/75, HR 125. Pt. laid down, given juice, water, wet cloth. BP 102/70, HR 104 at 1025. Went home with mom at 1030. Educated mom to contact PCP provider if she felt needed and to contact HD with any further questions if needed.
Joint stiffness. Extensive swelling of right hand.
Fever of 103, headache, rash on back, neck, and front torso. Has not been in contact with any outside individuals, no ability to receive chickenpox due to closed contact. Fever persisted for 2 days, the rash has now spread and multiplied onto entire body surface all areas except internally, with blisters. This was on her 2nd round of immunizations for Varicella, no prior adverse reactions.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to a male patient of unknown age. No concurrent condition or medical history was reported. On 02-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K016153, Exp. 24-SEP-2016, dose and route of administration not provided) (Incorrect product storage). No concomitant therapy was reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. Product quality issue was not involved. This is one of the two reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about the patient's concurrent condition and medical history. On 10-JUL-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # J007930, expiration date: 28-JUN-2015, strength, dose and route unknown) (expired product administered). At the time of reporting, no adverse event was reported. Additional information is not expected.
Body aches, weakness, shortness of breath.
Nausea, vomiting, headache, chills, leg muscle tightness bilaterally. No redness or swelling at point of injection. Reports rash on right leg.
Right thigh area red, warm to touch, area measures 10 cm by 12 cm.
Rash 1.5 cm x 2.5 cm on (R) ant thigh developed 10 days after.
This spontaneous report as received from a health professional (medical assistant) refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No concurrent condition, medical history or allergy/drug reactions were reported. On 05-AUG-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered an improperly stored dose of MMR II injection, lot # J014876, exp. date: 21-NOV-2015 (strength, dose and route unspecified). No concomitant medications were reported. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. There were no product quality complaints (PQC) involved. No additional information was provided. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No information regarding the patients' medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications was provided. The registered nurse reported that on 04-AUG-2015 and 05-AUG-2015, the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II, lot number K004949, expiration date 04-APR-2016 (dose, injection site and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 01-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 06-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K014833 and Expiry: 14-SEP-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 02-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K014833 and Expiry: 14-SEP-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Severe headache, crying, vomiting, trembling 3 days after MMR vaccine.
Pt Father noticied rash around injection site on left leg / father stated  rash was raised with a few hives one day after injection. 4-7 days after injection father stated rash was all over body, trunk, arms, legs. The same rash was concentrated around the injection site. pt was brought to Urgent Care on 14 Aug 2015 by parents.  Pt was given hydroxyzine and rash cleared up, no other symptoms reported.
Pt. developed a 4 x 4 1/2 annular raised, hot, hard rash around immunization site (left thigh). Also fever 99 degrees F.
Involuntary muscle twitching noted in hands, feet and thighs 2 days after vaccine. (Had tick bites within the week preceding sx also).
15 hours after vaccination, patient awoke unable to walk due to pain in left knee. X ray demonstrates small effusion in left hip. to see orthopedics.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 02-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 01-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K004949 and Expiry: 04-APR-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Redness with small bump with slight warmth to the left arm injection site.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 16-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: L003855 and Expiry: 05-FEB-2015) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a other health professional referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding concurrent conditions and medical history was not provided. On 05-AUG-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II lot # K002816, expiration date: 25-FEB-2015 (dose, dose #, route and application site were not reported). Concomitant therapy was not reported. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Increased temp 102, irritable, rash, diarrhea. Onset at 1:30 pm. Child was seen in ER in the evening of 8/13/15 and was sent home.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant and refers to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No pertinent medical history and drug reactions or allergies were reported. On 28-JUL-2015, the patients were inadvertently vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot # K022285, expiration date 12-NOV-2016; lot # K024038, expiration date 26-NOV-2016; lot #K018965, expiration date 15-OCT-2016; lot # L005291, expiration date 17-FEB-2017) (dose, indication and route of administration were not reported), that had been improperly stored. Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to an 11 year old female patient. There was no medical history or concurrent condition reported. On an unknown date, when the patient was a child, she was vaccinated with the first dose of M-M-R II (dosage, strength, route and indication were not reported). The patient had not been revaccinated prior to elementary school entry. On 06-AUG-2015 the patient went to office to vaccinated with M-M-R II dose 2 (dosage, strength, route and indication were not reported)(Inappropriate schedule of drug administration). At the time of the report, no adverse effect was reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. Additional information is not expected because the reporter was not consented to be contacted.
Fever, no appetite, and diarrhea that started on Saturday August 15 and Monday, August 17 she has rashes all over her body.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 03-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: L003855 and Expiry: 05-FEB-2017) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 01-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: L003855 and Expiry: 05-FEB-2017). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 12-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: L003855 and Expiry: 05-FEB-2017) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 06-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot: K014833 and Expiry: 14-SEP-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The pertinent medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. On 07-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with unspecified number of improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot: K014833 and Expiry: 14-SEP-2016) (route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Pt had Dtap in thigh with IPV on side of Right leg. Both areas sl red. Mom applied cool compresses. But redness is getting worse. Anterior sl firm. Light red area about 20 cm. Side thigh with mild redness (streak) about 1cm. Pt was put on AUGMENTIN.
Warmth, induration, pruritic maculopapular rash 3-5 cm diameter around site of injection. No fever or systemic symptoms.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-AUG-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (dose, frequency were not reported, expiration date 11-JUL-2015) subcutaneously. No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. Additional information has been requested.
Rash on legs, followed by fever. Rash appears on arms, and part of face. Some rashes on torso. Fever for two days (8/14 & 8/15). Treated with Tylenol. Rash darken and appear to be clearing on the third day. Signs of the rash still present as of today.
Fever of 102.5 orally. Rash started on trunks to lower legs. Mother pointed to the Measles poster and indicated that type of rash. No URI symptoms and no nausea and vomiting. Fever was treated for 2 days with Advil. After wards the rash is almost gone but has a few areas in back of legs and trunk.
R deltoid area swollen 4in X 3in, mild erythema, pruritis, no pain reported.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 17-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # K008814 and 19-JUN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 17-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II lot # J014872 and 21-NOV-2015 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 16-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # K008814 and 19-JUN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Rash at injection site which spread to generalized rash.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 27-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II lot # J014872 and 21-NOV-2015 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 06-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # K008814 and 19-JUN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous reprot as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 21-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II lot # K000998 and 22-JAN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as receive from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 08-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II lot # J014872 and 21-NOV-2015 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 19-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # K008814 and 19-JUN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 26-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II lot # J014872 and 21-NOV-2015 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 26-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # K008814 and 19-JUN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 13-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # J016232 and 19-DEC-2015 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 29-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # K008814 and 19-JUN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 22-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II,lot # J016232 and 19-DEC-2015 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 01-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II lot # K000998 and 22-JAN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 10-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # J014872 and 21-NOV-2015 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 01-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # K008814 and 19-JUN-2016 (unknown strength and route). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Diffuse maculopapular rash to trunk, BUE and BLE. No fever, pharyngitis, testicular pain. Severe itching.
8/7/15 at well child visit received MMR, VARIVAX and Hep A, after shots small amount of redness and swelling at (R) thigh injection site. 2 days ago (8/15/15) developed new redness (R) thigh, pink dots, papules. 8/16/15 hives off and on arms and legs. Went to ER for eval, fever to 102. Hives resolved. Question virus vs. vaccine reaction.
Itchy, raised rash over body, started at Daycare after nap.
Varicella rash 6-7 days after vaccine w/VARIVAX. (observation).
MMR, VARIVAX and PREVNAR given Thursday. Monday night without other signs of illness developed a rash. Tuesday morning I saw him an it covered his entire body and was clearly erythema multiforme.
Employee stated that at approximately 1900 on 17 Aug 15 she developed a rash to her chest area that was itching. It has since spread to her back on 8-18-15. It is a fine, raised red rash.
Cellulitis developed > 1 week from injection. Patient given course of BACTRIM DS x 7 days.
Adult dose administered to 17 y/o (pt weights 164.5 lbs, 71/5 inches tall).
Patient returned to clinic 45 minutes after immunization was administered with erythematous macular papular rash diffusely all over. No throat swelling, wheezing, or SOB noted. Child was playing and acting normal.
Within 5 mins of receiving the MMR patient experienced redness over entire right thigh, including swelling and hives.
Fever of 102.8-oral/vomiting/loss of appetite/swelling & redness at injection site; 4-5 inches in diameter by the evening of 8/14/2015. Fever lasted until 08/16/2015 evening. Redness & swelling lasted until 8/17/2015. Vomiting subsided when temperature was stable.
Diffuse papulovesicular lesions in varying stages on visit 8/18/15. Patient had fever around 101 on 8/16/15 then rash started. Had 2nd Varicella on 8/6/15.
Agitation, ataxia, dizziness, sneezing, flatulence, abdominal pain, weakness.
Eruption. Erythema Multiforme present for 24 hours.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 12-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported). Lot # of the M-M-R II the patient received could be one of the following numbers: lot # K014832 with expiration date: 14-SEP-2016, K021152 with expiration date: 02-NOV-2016 and K015375 with expiration date: 18-SEP-2016. But it was not specified which lot # the patient received. All the lot # had been verified to be a valid lot number for M-M-R II. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 15-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported). Lot # of the M-M-R II the patient received could be one of the following numbers: lot # K014832 with expiration date: 14-SEP-2016, K021152 with expiration date: 02-NOV-2016 and K015375 with expiration date: 18-SEP-2016. But it was not specified which lot # the patient received. All the lot # had been verified to be a valid lot number for M-M-R II. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
After receiving 3 vaccinations (KINRIX, MMR, Varicella) pt fainted. Pt revived on her own. Provided cool cloth and water. Parent told to f/u with PCP.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. It was not reported medical history or concurrent conditions. On 27-MAY-2015, the patient received improperly stored M-M-R II (dose, strength and route were unknown, lot number reported K021952, expiration date: 10-NOV-2015), with no adverse effects. There was no concomitant therapies described. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to a 60 year old female patient. The patient's pertinent medical history was not reported and was allergic to Penicillin. It was reported the patient does not know if she had received the MMR II in the past but that it was a possibility that she had received it. On an unknown date as the patient aged, she developed osteoporosis, anxiety, Achilles bursitis and vitamin D deficiency. On 28-JUL-2015, the patient had a blood test and results showed she had no immunity to rubella and mumps. On 06-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot # K011189 and expiration date 12-AUG-2016) (dose and route were not reported). Concomitant therapies included XANAX, LEXAPRO, EPIPEN and hydrocortisone suppositories. Action taken was not applicable. The outcome of events was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The reporter did not provide the causality between the event and the suspect therapy. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a 40 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 24-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired doses of MMR II HSA, lot # J006953, (dose and route were not reported). This dose of MMR II had an expiration date of 07-JUN-2015. No adverse events were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
erythema multiforme; developed 8/11-8/13 after vaccine given  8/3/2015.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016 (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not reported). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 16-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a consumer refers to her daughter, a 34 year old female patient. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions allergies were not specified by the reporter. On 23-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (Lot # K026366, exp. date was not reported) (dose, frequency and route were not provided), VAQTA (Lot # and exp. date were not reported) (dose, frequency and route were not provided), DTaP (unspecified) (dose, frequency and route were not provided), tetanus toxoid and typhoid vaccine (unspecified) (dose, frequency and route were not provided). Concomitant therapies were not reported. The patient's mother stated on 24-JUL-2015 her daughter developed a red patch on her arm which was warm to touch. Her arm felt like dead weight (limb discomfort), she had diarrhea, pain and stomach cramps (abdominal pain upper). The patient went back to the doctor who prescribed her an unspecified antibiotic. Because she did not improve, she sought medical attention and went to an emergency room. Lab diagnostics studies performed were not specified by the reporter. Later, she was diagnosed with cellulitis and was informed that she would need another unspecified medication, but she was not admitted to the hospital. She was recovering but was still not well. No product quality complaint was involved. The outcome of limb discomfort, diarrhoea, abdominal pain upper, pain, cellulitis and skin warm was reported as recovering. The patient's mother did not assess the causal relationship between MMR II, DTaP (unspecified), tetanus toxoid and typhoid vaccine (unspecified) and the events. This is one of two reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 01-JUL-2015 and 03-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-AUG-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016 (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to an 11 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 24-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired doses of MMR II, lot # J006953, (dose and route were not reported). This dose of MMR II had an expiration date of 07-JUN-2015. No adverse events were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a second dose of improperly stored M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-JUL-2015 and 03-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II lot # K016154 exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II lot # K016154 and expiration date on 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not reported). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 03-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Symptoms started with the baby not eating At 9PM that night he vomited.  He continued to vomit through the next day.  Red dots showed up all over his torso, neck and legs.  He did not eat any solid food until Sunday night, and very little at that point.  He ran a fever Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  (Today is Monday - still TBD about today.)
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a 3 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 24-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired doses of MMR II HSA, lot # J006953, (dose and route were not reported). This dose of MMR II had an expiration date of 07-JUN-2015. No adverse events were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to an 8 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 24-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired doses of MMR II HSA, lot # J006953, (dose and route were not reported). The dose of MMR II had an expiration date of 07-JUN-2015. No adverse events were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Broke out in rash both lower arms approx 4 hours following injection.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016), (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 17-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 17-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored doses of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not reported). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 17-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not reported). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 17-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was not reported medical history or concurrent conditions. On 01-JUN-2015, the patient received improperly stored M-M-R II lot number reported K005574 (dose, strength and route were unknown, expiration date: not reported), with no adverse effects. There was no concomitant therapies reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report  as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 03-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 24-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Patient was feeling okay in early morning.  Mid-morning pt developed a rash and a fever and presented at the local emergency room.  ER physician suspects it is a result of the MMR vaccine.
Mom reports that child had a 4X3 red swollen area on her arm, and a 2X2 darker red/purple, hardened area in the middle of the bigger area. This area was warm to touch.
TDAP mixed in with MMR vaccination and given SQ. A second dose of TDAP was given IM then.
High fever and rash.  Mom now thinks that speech may be regressing.
Patient called clinic on morning of 8/25/15 and stated she developed hives on left arm and left hand approximately 3 hours after MMR vaccine administration (3:30 pm on 8/24/15). Patient came to clinic to be evaluated by the physician on duty. She was then referred to Infectious Disease for further evaluation, who cleared her to return to work and stated reaction was of unknown etiology.
Rash on leg, itchiness appeared on 8/14/15.
Blister on right upper leg. Pruritus.
Thirteen days after receiving the MMR booster she developed a bad headache and 102 fever.  Twelve hours later she began vomiting.  Each time she vomited she would say her head felt better and then the headache would build again until she vomited.  She was very weak, and listless and complained of leg discomfort as well.  This lasted 24 hours and the vomiting ceased but the fever and milder headaches continued for another 24 hours.
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 19-AUG-2015 the patient received an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot # J008728 with expiration date of 26-JUL-2015; strength, dosage, frequency and route unspecified). No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 03-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 21-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's concurrent conditions, medical history, drug reactions/allergies or concomitant therapies provided. On 10-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (lot # K018990, expiration date 15-OCT-2016, subcutaneously, dose and units were not reported), that was improperly stored. There was no adverse effect reported. Additional information has been requested.
Prominent bilateral inguinal lymphadenopathy.
Pt reported redness, swelling and itching at injection site (posterior RUE). He states he has also develeoped an boil. Pt was out of town when reaction was reported to our office 08/25/15, so he sent in photos of the reaction. Initial photo revealed small area of swelling, no pustule or vesicle formation with surrounding erythema. He drew pen marks at the edge of redness and later photo revealed spread of erythema in addition to what appears to be small abscess. He c/o of low grade fever 99-101.1 for which he used Paracetamol. Other c/o included headache, nausea without vomiting and right hand numbness. When I spoke to the pt 08/26/15 I told him I would call in a prescription for the skin infection. He will be seen in our office when he returns from out of town 08/28/15. He states all symptoms other are improved over last two days.
Patient and her sister both got Varicella vaccine on the same day.  About 3 weeks later their 10 month old brother with a history of severe eczema presented to the clinic with a possible case of varicella. A specimen was collected from one of the lesions which was sent to the lab for identification/verification.
Cranky and fussy 7/21/15 but resolved 7/22/15.  Left thigh red and swollen and painful 7/21/15 and 7/22/15. Hib and DTap administered left thigh IM.
Pt received MMR, Varivax, Kinrix. Within 10- 15 minutes, she felt nauseated, vomited, mother noticed little bumps on her face. MD examined her, was crying, had no LOC, she had 2-6 mm flesh colored papules with welted appearance scattered over face, especially cheeks, and smaller ones scattered over upper arms. A few on trunk as well, 1-2 mm. Her lungs were clear, she had no stridor or difficulty breathing, tongue and mucous membranes, lips ok. Left eye with sclera pink, not swollen. she was given Benadryl, 18.75 mg, observed. Ate a popsicle, rash gone on arms in about 25 minutes, face mostly cleared and eye not red. She was playing and happy.
Hives on both thighs.
High rectal temperature of 104.3, rash all over face, stomach and back. Lethargic, lack of appetite, cranky, fever.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 07-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). Noa adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 07-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Legs, arms and neck hurting really bad - put ice packs on them. T 100.8 initially - alternated TYLENOL and MOTRIN. Rash knees to hips - razor burn looking x2 days, itchy, increased sleeping and fatigue, wouldn't even talk. Stomach illness x2 wks.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 08-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 08-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Pt turned pale right after MMR. Passed out for couple of seconds.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 06-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 08-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 06-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # K016154 with exp. 24-SEP-2016, (route and dose were not provided). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a one unspecified patient of unknown age and gender. On 14-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (reported lot number: 1010596, exp.date: 06-APR-2017) (strength, dose and route were not reported) which was exposed to a temperature outside of the recommended range. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Mild maculopapular rash on trunk, limbs, and face.
Hives, redness around injection site left arm.
Low grade temp 99.8 7-16-15; Rash - reddened raised over buttocks, itching legs, hands, mouth and feet, including bottom of feet early AM 7-17-15. BENADRYL Elixir, mom states age appropriate dose administered by mouth X 2 doses. Mom emailed picture of child's rash to primary care physician and diagnosed as Hand, Foot and Mouth disease. No treatment recommended. Rash resolved in a week's time.
Slight temperature up to 100.4 began within a couple hours of shots and lasted until approx. a week and a half later; chills began a week later and lasted about a day; severe muscle/joint pains, particularly in the hips, began a week later and lasted a few days, chickenpox rash began a week later and lasted approx. 5 days.
This spontaneous report was received from a Healthcare worker regarding a fellow employee who is a female patient of unknown age. Medical history of the patient was not reported. On an unspecified date of August 2015, about a week ago, the patient was vaccinated with one dose of MMR II, subcutaneous. It was reported that on an unspecified date of August 2015, the patient developed measles after receiving the vaccine. The patient sought medical attention and was seen by unspecified physician on unspecified date. The treatment details were unspecified. The outcome of the event was unknown. Causality assessment was not provided by the reporter. No further information was reported. Additional information has been requested.
My daughter began complaining of left leg pain while playing outside on the swing set. We thought she hurt it possible from a fall, but as she was complaining and we began to look, her left thigh was extremely swollen compared to the right and the mid thigh (site of vaccination) was very red, raised, and warm to the touch.  We tried icing the area, but as time passed she complained of more pain and starting limping and wanting my husband and I to carry her so she did not have to bear weight on the left leg.  The next morning, 08/30/2015 she immediatley began complaining of pain and I noticed the redness had spread and the entire thigh and knee were swollen by at least 150%.  She continued to limp and I took her an after hours doctor at 8:00 PM to have it evaluated. We drew markings around the reddened area and I was advised to use warm compresses instead of ice. As of 9/01/2015, she began walking normally again and the redness and swelling had decreased some, but the site of injection was still red, feels hard, and warm to the touch.  As of today, 09/02/2015, the redness and swelling has decreased a little more, but the injection site is still hard, red and slightly warm to the touch. She is only complaining of pain directly at the injection site now instead of complaining of the whole leg. We are continuing to use a warm compress which does make the site feel softer temporarily.
Pain, numbness, swelling, redness.
(L)/SQ allergy nausea, sore at site, trash swelling with MMR/SQ throat feels congested fever 101.0 degrees.
Fever, lymphadenopathy, rash.
Rashes on the face, back, body and extremities started 24 hrs from vaccination relieve Kw/ BENADRYL slowly. Still have rashes on the palms as of today.
Erythema multifore reaction - hive-like lesions w/mild purpura on extremities mainly 13 days post vaccination.
Approx. 24 hours after receiving vaccines, child developed a red spot on (L) outer thigh that increased in size, was painful to touch. Symptoms child care to be evaluated 8/26/15. No tx needed.
Pt. was 13 months old and here for 12 mo WCC on 4-30-15. KINRIX was given. CDC states that the DTaP can count as 4th dose if minimal interval had passed and there was 6 months between 3rd and 4th DTaP (KINRIX).
Patient called today (09/02/2015 @ 9:30am) and reported that she has rash on her stomach and back and the rash or stomach looks like a scab. Called manufacturer and manf. did advise that rash should be on the area of injection.
Started with pacing and repeating a strange phrase and drooling.  Then headache and chest ache.  Followed by fever of 103 degrees.
Rash and fever.
Fever up to 102 within an hour after immunization jerking or constant movement of the body awake and asleep around midnight after shot not eating, chills 8-27-15.
Red, painful, and hard site of vaccination right arm subcutaneous.
Left upper arm erythema, swelling with mild induration and warmth. Initially had pain x1 day, pain now resolved. Full ROM arm continue ice, ibuprofen and try antihistamine.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to male patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 23-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K0071707 with an expiry date of 16-MAY-2016, stored at improperly temperature (51.6 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to male patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 23-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K007107 with an expiry date of 16-MAY-2016, stored at improper temperature (51.6 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to a female patient of approximately 1 year old. No information concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 16-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K007107 with an expiry date of 16-MAY-2016, stored at improper temperature (46.8 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Vomiting, shaking, sweating, unfocused eyes, eyes rolling towards back of head, stomachache. Possible low grade fever.
Leg pain, red and warm. Itching. Flushed cheeks. Area to left thigh raised.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 24-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (therapy type and dose not provided, lot number #K005431, expiration date 15-APR-2016) for routine vaccination. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a licensed practical nurse referring to an approximately 51 year old female patient with codeine allergy. The patient had none pertinent medical history. The patient might have received MMR II (strength, route, dose were unknown) previously and had a titer drawn in January 2015. The titer showed that the patient had immunity to rubella, but not measles and mumps. On 02-FEB-2015 the patient was adminsitered a dose of MMR II (lot # J008728, expiration date: 26-JUL-2015, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous). Concomitant therapies included SYNTHROID. On an unspecified date after 02-FEB-2015, a titer was drawn again and the patient had negative immunity to rubeola. The patient did not give treatment to the negative immunity to rubeola. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to female patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 14-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K004949 with an expiry date of 04-APR-2016, stored at improper temperature (< 46 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a 13 year old patient of unknown gender. No information on patient's medical history or concurrent conditions was provided. On 21-AUG-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with the dose of M-M-R II (0.5 ml, lot # L008684 expiration date 13-MAR-2017) intramuscularly rather than subcutaneously. The pharmacist was not sure if this M-M-R II dose was the patient's first dose or a booster dose. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Mother called stating her son had shots in Center on Wednesday and now the area where he received one of his injections is red, slightly swollen, and itchy. Nurse asked what arm it is. Mother stated it is the left arm. Nurse informed mother that client received a Hep A and Varicella injection in that arm. Mother denied any pain, fever, or any other symptoms.
Left thigh swelling, rash and pain. Parent gave Ibuprofen and put warm cloth on the thigh. Pt. was seen and sent to ER.
Maculopapular erythematous itchy rash in clusters in the thigh where the VARIVAX was given then spread to abdomen.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to male patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 23-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K007107 with an expiry date of 16-MAY-2016, stored at improper temperature (< 46 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to female patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 09-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K007107 with an expiry date of 16-MAY-2016, stored at improper temperature (<46 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to male patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 26-JUN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K007107 with an expiry date of 16-MAY-2016, stored at improper temperature (< 46 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to female patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 13-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K004949 with an expiry date of 04-APR-2016, stored at improper temperature (<46 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Fever started out at 102. One month later 105 fever that would not go down. Continued with daily fevers of 100-102 for the next 7 months. Fevers a currently gone. RA type symptoms the entire time.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to male patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 08-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K007107 with an expiry date of 16-MAY-2016, stored at improper temperature (<46 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to male patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 22-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K004949 with an expiry date of 04-APR-2016, stored at improper temperature (47.5 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reproted. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to a male patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 14-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K004949 with an expiry date of 04-APR-2016, stored at improper temperature (<46 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to female patient of approximately 1 year old. No information on concurrent conditions and medical history was reported. On 13-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (unknown strength, route and dose) lot # K004949 with an expiry date of 04-APR-2016, stored at improper temperature (<46 degrees). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product complaint involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Hives.
Hives all over body, itchy skin all over body, redness all over body, swelling/welts all over body.
Fever, vomiting, rash.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies were not reported. On 11-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of an improperly stored MMR II (albumin status: rHA; dose and route of administration were not reported; lot #L002873 and expiry date on 27-JAN-2017). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of two reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
09/03/2015 - Woke up with a half dollar sized red, warm, hard swollen area on the spot where the top left injection was given the day before.  Cold compresses were applied to the site at that time.  The next day 09/04/2015 the reaction grew larger to approximately a grapefruit size red swollen area with a small white spot in the center.  Again cold compresses were applied, no medications were given.  On 09/05/2015 the area looked much better and by that evening the redness and swelling had resolved completely.
Patient passed out onto floor, eyes rolled back into head, had jerking movements with arms, urinated, and vomited.
Developed redness and swelling to left upper arm where Kinrix was administered.  Seen at Dr. was given rx for antibiotic on 7/31/2015.
Rapid heart rate & shortness of breath x 1 hour, pain at injection site and entire upper extremity x 2 days, nausea and vomiting approx. 2 hours after injection.
Bilateral numbness in arms night 1, more numbness in face and down right side of body next day. Described as a pulsing numb feeling, sometimes burning, ebbing and flowing, and gradually seeming to improve after 4 days. Drinking alcohol worsens symptoms, movement seems to improve symptoms.
14 days after vaccines the patient erupted in a papule rash, mainly on the trunk. Some of the lesions had pinpoint fluid filled vesicles. Rash seemed to spread in waves/caps.
None stated.
Patient here for Kindergarten injections. Pt here 20-30 min after injections. Went home with father. Stopped for ice cream on way. Pt was complaining of SOB. Father brought pt back to clinic. Pt seen by Dr. He prescribed PEDIPRED .5 mg that evening et again next AM et BENADRYL OTC per age.
Fever day of and day after vaccines, rash -> E. multiforme developed 3 days after vaccines.
Child was given the HPV vaccine when she was 7 yrs and 11 months old.  Father informed on 9/9/15 and father denied any side effects or adverse events following vaccination in February.
About 25-30 minutes after vaccine administration, pt. started coughing, crying, and drooling at the mouth, taken back to exam room. T: 98.2 O2 sats 90%. Received ATROVENT/Albuterol and BENADRYL. O2 sats 94%. Stopped coughing, was talking and walking ok. Monitored for 30 minutes. When in parking lot started coughing/wheezing taken to ED. Received O2 sats 100% dexamethasone.
Patient had reaction to Tdap (ADACEL) vaccine given 8/26/15. Hot to touch and red. Dr treated w/ antibiotics.
None stated.
On 4/21/15 he started having a loss of appetite. Within 48 hours he vomited. We assumed it was a virus. The vomiting 2-3 times per day continued for days. NO one else in the home became ill, so we suspected another cause. No fever. Each day he was getting worse and complaining of severe stomach pain. We took him to the Doc on 4/28 and they guessed a virus. On 4/29 his urine was brown and he was dehydrated. Returned to the doctor. Blood work and ultrasound were ordered. Ultrasound showed thickening of the pyloric sphincter and gastroparesis. Blood work and urine showed high levels of ketones and bilirubin and various abnormal blood results. He was found as having hypoglycemia ketosis.
Large swollen site.
Pt had reaction (rash) to bilateral arms post SQ.
No adverse event reported. Vaccine expired 5/24/15.
Large amount of bruising, swelling, pain distal to injection site accompanied by numbness and tingling to left ring and small finger. Diagnosed as Hematoma secondary to MMR injection. Experiencing ulnar nerve irritation d/t swelling. Negative for compartment syndrome, abscess or cellulitis.
Was taking a bottle, starting choking and started with seizure activity, parents called EMS. In ER Fever and seizure activity. CBC with diff, chem 14, UA with culture, head CT w/o contrast, chest x-ray done in ER. Seen Dr on 09/10/15 at 14:33 pm, for mild ataxia, rechecked PLT count.
Rash on left thigh.
Red bump at injection 2 weeks after injection, then 3 other red bumps that itch.  Referred patient to Doctor.
On 9/10/15, started with headache, tiredness and general malaise.  On 9/11/15, symptoms worsened to include lack of focus, dizziness, and joint pain and stiffness in neck, shoulders, back along spinal column, and right elbow.
Hives noted starting at site of MMR injection and spreading over body over next 24 hours. Patient happy and playful, no anaphylaxis.
Dizziness, Partial hearing loss, blurred vision.
Adverse reaction started with joint stiffness for several days, then started to included joint/body aches on/about Aug 8, continued with fatique, slight headache/stomach ache w/ nausea (stiffness and body aches). Aug 12 left work midday with chills and fatigue. Took a nap and took temperature. Temp = 100.6. All symptoms, except fever, continued with slight improvement into Aug 14-15. Most symptoms minimal by Aug 16. Late, 9:30PM on Aug 16, intense headache with mild nausea started. Could not sleep well and no OTC NSAISD or Tylenol had any impact over the next 24 hrs. Could not work.  Notified PC on Aug 18, still not able to work. Ofc visit with PC on Aug 18. Recommended CT Scan which was take at 3pm. Initial read was clear. RX given (TORADOL 60 mg injection, IMITREX 6mg injection) and observation for 30 min then discharged with greatly reduced pain level. From 7-8 to 3 on 1:10 scale. Rx IMITREX 25mg tab, no more than 2 in 24 hrs. IMITREX moderately effective but next day Aug 19, headache continued at a level of about 3. When RX wore off headache returned to about a 5 level. Reported to PC on the evening of Aug 18. PC scheduled Ofc Visit with neurologist.  Ofc Visit with neurologist, Aug 19. CT scan reviewed again and looked clear. Neurological exam completed with no indications of underlying condition. Conclusion provided was ongoing response to MMR vaccine given lengthy immune system reaction from Aug 6-14. Rx given IMITREX 50 mg tab, no more than 4 in 24 hrs. Better relief provided for 2 days. By Aug 22 or so IMITREX did not seem effective in eliminating head ache.  OTCs continued to not be effective. Headache continued (non stop since Aug 16) but with varying levels ranging from 1-3 on 1:10 scale. Attempted homeopathic approach and started taking Hylands Migraine on Aug 25. Seems most effective in keeping headache level low and is able to reduce a level of 3+ back to a 1-2 if 4 hour dosing is inadvertently extended, typically during the night if I dont get up between 2-4AM. Awoke today at 5AM with level 3-4, highest in a week, and could not get back to sleep for over an hour. I suspect the Hylands taken at 5:15 helped.
Diarrhea with blood in stool. Repeated pattern after eating Lacoste within 5 minutes.
Mild fever, fluctuated over next several days, reaching peak at 101.5 degrees F. Developed rash of pink spots on neck, back, chest on 09/12/2015.
Morbiliform rash and fever and febrile seizure on 8/29/15 seen at ER.
Fever started. Peaked at 104 on 9/13/15. Today 9/14/15 fever currently 101. Per mother, diarrhea/loose stools off and on since receiving vaccines.
Fever of 102, 2 hours later infant threw up, fever has been ranging from 99-104 with fever reducers.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to an 11 year old male patient. The patient's pertinent medical history included chronic constipation, Pervasive developmental disorder (PDD) (autistic spectrum disorder), developmental delays and cochlear implants usage due to difficulty in hearing. The patient had no drug reaction/allergies. The physician reported that the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of M-M-R II and VARIVAX (Merck), when he was an infant (dose, strength, vaccination site, route unspecified). On 08-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with second dose of VARIVAX (Merck) and M-M-R II in the left deltoid (strength, route, dose unspecified). Concomitant therapies included MIRALAX. After 2-3 minutes of administration of the vaccines, the patient began to feel itchy and was flushed in the cheeks and ear. Then the patient was administered with 25mg diphenhydramine. Then 7-8 minutes later, the patients lips began to swell and hives appeared scattered on his back. The patient was under observation and after 5 additional minutes, the patient developed edema of his torso and the hives continued to the torso, the patient was then administered epinephrine. The patient was observed for another half an hour, with vital signs being stable, was sent home with a prescription of prednisone. The physician reported that the patient was seen again on 09-SEP-2015 in the office for a recheck up. Although the patient complained about pain near the injection site with epinephrine, all the symptoms were resolved. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. The relatedness between the events and VARIVAX (Merck) was not reported. The reporting physician considered the events to be related to M-M-R II. Upon internal review, the events were considered serious due to other medically significant events. Additional information has been requested.
Rash, resembles measles.
None stated.
Pt. visited to HD 9/2/15 concerned about her condition since Imm administered on 6/26/15. Fever (3 days) and generalized rashes subsided but she still has (R) upper inner arm with small area reddened and slightly swollen and said painful. She c/o prickling pain on both (R) arm and leg and swelling, (+) edema noted on both legs. No treatment provided. Refer to PCP for further evaluation. BP 184/84, P-91, T-98.3.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a female patient of unknown age. Information about the patient's medical history and concurrent conditions was not provided. On 19-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II 0.5 ml, subcutaneous (administration route, lot number and expiration date were not provided). No concomitant therapies were reported. On 24-AUG-2015, the patient developed an itchy, bumpy rash on her back and abdomen. The patient was advised to use hydrocortisone cream as treatment, but at the time of this report no treatment was used for the event. The outcome of rash was reported as recovering. The reporter did not provide a causality relationship assessment between the event and therapy with M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a Licensed Vocational Nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no medical history or drug reactions/allergies reported. The patient received the first and second doses of both MMR II and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX at a different unspecified clinic, at the inappropriate times, on unspecified dates for prophylaxis (dose, lot#, expired date and route were unknown). On 27-AUG-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered the third dose of both MMR II and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX at her clinic, which was shortly after the administration of the second doses. No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No concurrent condition or medical history was reported. On 31-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with expired doses of MMR II (lot # J010601, subcutaneous, 0.25 ml). The nurse also reported that as the vaccine was being administered, patient pulled away and received less than full dose. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. No product quality issue was involved. Additional information has been requested.
4 days after receiving vaccines child developed an intermittent fever and irritability that lasted for 2 to 3 days. Child also developed a rash on abdomen that spread to shoulders and this lasted for 3 weeks. Rash caused discomfort. Decreased appetite for 3-4 days.
Zoster vaccination was given instead of MMRV which was ordered by physician.
This spontaneous report was received from medical assistant and nurse via a company representative and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history, concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies were reported. On 28-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with expired dose of MMR II lot # J009382, expiration date 08-AUG-2015 (dose, route of administration and anatomical location were not reported). No symptoms were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Immediately after she received MMR, Varicella, IPV, DTaP vaccines she broke into a urticarial rash to cheeks and around eyes. She was given 12.5 mg oral BENADRYL and rash resolved within 15 minutes. Child was observed for 1 hour in the office and no distress noted at discharge.
Spotty rash. Somnolence. 10 days after vaccine. No treatment.
Had 12 mo vaccines on 9-3-15. Tongue swelling (mild per mom) and hives following morning.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to a 7 month old patient. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 26-AUG-2015, the infant was vaccinated with VARIVAX (lot # L009205, expiry date 17-MAR-2017) and MMR II (lot # K020189, expiry date 11-SEP-2016) in error. The patient did not demonstrate an adverse experience. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse and refers to a patient of unknown age or gender. Pertinent medical history or drug allergies/drug reactions were not reported. On 18-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot number, status of rHA, expiration date, dose, route of administration and strength were not reported). Concomitant medication was not reported. The reporter stated that the patient received less than the recommended dosage of the vaccine administered. No adverse effects were reported. Follow up information has been received from the Registered Nurse on 27-AUG-2015, concerning a 12 month old (also reported as 14 month old) female patient, with no known pre-existing allergies, birth defects or medical conditions. On 18-JUN-2015 at 11:30, the patient vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II, (lot number reported as 1003859, no expiration date reported) unknown dose, subcutaneous, in the left thigh. On the same date, the patient was also vaccinated with the first doses of VARIVAX (Lot number reported as 1004654, no expiration date reported) unknown dose, subcutaneous, in the left thigh, and HAVRIX (lot number 4235D) intramuscular in the right thigh (dose not reported). The reporter stated that the syringe of the MMR II vaccine was drawn up in a malfunctioned during the administration of the vaccine, so that most of the dose was sprayed outside the patient. The dose was repeated because the patient did not receive most of the first one. Additional information is not expected as all correspondence was received. General, Patient, Product, Event and Narrative were updated.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. Since 08-MAY-2015, the patient were vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II (dose and route were not reported, lot # K011188, expiry date 12-AUG-2016, albumin status unknown). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse reactions were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information about patient's concurrent conditions and medical history was not reported. On 26-AUG-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (dose, route not reported, lot # reported as J009830 with expiration date 28-JUN-2015). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age. On 26-AUG-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II lot # J010208, expiry date 26-AUG-2015. No adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the events were unknown. Additional information has been requested.
12 mo M received routine Hep A and MMR vaccines 8/28/15. On 9/1/15 parents noted drooping/weakness of right side of mouth. No other symptoms. Eye not involved. Confirmed weakness/lower segment (R) 7th nerve in office 9/8/15.
Hives, global pruritis, burning mouth, diarrhea abdominal pain all of acute onset. Pt given PO BENADRYL and IM epinephrine in office. Medic transport to ER where given albuterol, famotidine, prednisone, IV fluids.
Rash on Lt thigh 1 wk after vaccine. Fever 2 days after vaccine. Mild local reaction x 1 wk. No intervention, self limited.
Pruritic rash and fever T max 103 for 1 day, started 9/3/15. Received Varicella vaccination 9 days ago.
Information has been received from a Licensed Vocational Nurse (LVN) referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no medical history or concurrent condition reported. On 18-AUG-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of expired M-M-R II (lot # J006140, expiry date 17-APR-2015) (dosage, strength and route were not reported). There was no concomitant medication reported. At the time of the report, no symptoms was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to 2 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. On 24-AUG-2015 the patients were inadvertently vaccinated subcutaneously with doses of MMR II injection which expired on 23-AUG-2015. No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker (Medical Assistant) referring to a 6 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug allergies were not reported. On 27-AUG-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R  II (lot # and expiration date unknown, 0.5 ml) subcutaneously in the left thigh and at the same time administered (Oka/Merck) PROQUAD (lot #, expiration date, dose unknown) subcutaneously in the right thigh (overdose). No adverse effects reported. Additional information is not expected as the physician couldn't be contacted.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history or concurrent conditions were not provided. On 02-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II lot # J003004, expiration date: 14-MAR-2015) (route, anatomical location and dose were not reported). Co-suspect therapies or concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse experiences were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a licensed practical nurse and refers to an unspecified number of patients. There was no information about patients' concomitant medications, pertinent medical histories, drug reactions or allergies reported. On unspecified dates, since 14-AUG-2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of MMR II (lot# K024824, expiration date 02-DEC-2016; lot# K024036, expiration date 26-NOV-2015, doses, site and route of administration were not reported), which were exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended range. No adverse experiences had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
MMR 8/27/15. 9-1-15 phone call - fever - T=107 - to ER. 9-2-15 office visit - f/u ER - fever poss roseola. 9-3-15 phone call - fever and N/V (T=105). 9-4-15 OV - fever - labs CBC/CRP. 9-4-15 phone calls - CBC -> viral.
Woke up in AM on 09/02/15 with numbness in left hand/thumb. That night had numbness in right leg. On 09/04/15 had numbness in right hand with H/A and burning sensation on head. All symptoms gone by 09/07/15.
Information has been received from a Licensed Practical Nurse (LVN) referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no medical history or concurrent condition reported. On 19-AUG-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of expired M-M-R II (lot # J006140, expiry date 17-APR-2015)(dosage, strength and route were not reported). There was no concomitant medication reported. At the time of the report, no symptoms was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a Licensed Practical Nurse (LVN) referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no medical history or concurrent condition reported. On 19-AUG-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of expired M-M- R II (lot # J006140, expiry date 17-APR-2015) (dosage, strength and route were not reported). There was no concomitant medication reported. At the time of the report, no symptoms was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
48h Significant pain, firm swelling, redness, skin sensitivity at Pneumovax 23 injection site.
Two different issues: swellings and rashes, not to be confused with each other. Swellings: Beginning the evening of patient's first MMR shot (the only first-dose vaccine she had that day), she's had sporadic swellings on various areas of her body. The swellings are puffy, sensitive to pressure, and warm/hot to the touch. She can feel them coming with an itchy sensation that goes away once the swelling appears. The swellings typically last for several hours each, with no residual affects apparent. The locations of the swellings do not include joints or lymph node locations, and seem to be surface-level only; they've shown up on her feet, near her wrist, on a finger, around her hips, on her rear end, etc. Rashes: Seperately from the swellings, she also had a rash show up on her thighs three days after the vaccine. The rash waxes and wanes in feel and appearance and is still evident 2 months later. A similar rash came and went on her knees and inside shins, but isn't still visible. The rashes are/were mild ... tiny red dots you can see and feel, itchy.
Pt started developing multiple red bumps mild lethargy.
Mother could not remember start of symptoms, pruritic rash. Client and mother came to clinic 9/15/15, was referred to urgent care. Went to urgent care 9/15/15 and started on prednisone 20mg pack x 7 days and hydroxyzine 25mg 1 tab daily. On 9/17/15, mother reported improvement from rash.
Information has been received from a pharmacy technician to an unspecified number of unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical histories and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. Since 29-JUN-2015, the patients were administered an unspecified number of doses of M-M-R II, (Oka/Merck) PROQUAD and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (all doses, lot#, expiration date and route were not reported, which   were reconstituted with improperly stored expired sterile diluent (Merck sterile diluent) (lot # K012002 with expiration date 21-JUN-2017; lot # K016443, with expiration date 12-JUL-2017; lot # K018026 with expiration date 17-AUG-201 and lot # K024557 with expiration date 10-OCT-2017. No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from the patient's father, referring to his 14 month old son. No patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions or allergies were present at the time of the report. On 31-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated subcutaneously with a dose of MMR II (dose, lot # and expiration date were not reported) for measles, mumps and rubella prophylaxis. On the same date, on 31-AUG-2015 a few hours after receiving the vaccine, the patient had red spots on his back between his shoulder blades and on his lower neck. The patient was treated with BENADRYL the same evening and recovered on unspecified date in 2015. No concomitant therapies were reported. No laboratory diagnostic studies were performed. The father's patient sought unspecified medical attention. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patent of unknown demographics. No information about medical history, concurrent conditions was reported for the patient. On 09-SEP-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered with expired dose of MMR II lot # J008534, expiration date 12-JUL-2015 (dose strength, route unspecified). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a 31 year old female patient. No information regarding the patient's medical history or concurrent conditions was provided. On 01-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II injection (dose, route of administration, lot# and expiry date were not reported). There were no concomitant therapies reported. On an unknown date, approximately in September 2015, the patient experienced papules on her lateral thighs, butt, arms and groin. It was reported that the patient had been using a depilatory cream on these same areas prior to receiving the vaccine. The patient sought medical attention by showing up in the reporter's office on 08-SEP-2015. There was no product quality complaint (PQC) involved. The outcome of the event was not reported. The relatedness between MMR II and the event was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
Patient broke out in a severe case of hives. We called the pediatrician who thought it was a food allergy. When steroids and antihistamines didn't cure the hives, the pediatrician sent me to an allergist. The allergist believes its a delayed immune response to the MMR, an allergic reaction to the vaccination.
Hives from shoulder to wrist on (L) arm. Resolved after one dose of BENADRYL.
Wheezing and fever, followed by rash on 9/15/2015. Declined medical treatment and took Benadryl at home.
Papular rash all over body, low grade temp.
Red rash.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker refers to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. No pertinent medical history was reported. On an unknown dates between 01-SEP-2015 and 09-SEP-2015, the patients were vaccinated with MMR II (lot # J013131 and expiration date 17-OCT-2015, lot# J013431 and expiration date 24-OCT-2015, lot# K024825 and expiration date 02-DEC-2016) (dose and route were not reported) that were improperly stored. No adverse effects reported. No Product Quality Complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of the several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Developed severe arthralgias of both knees, fever.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a female patient of unknown age. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 19-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated subcutaneously in the left upper arm with 0.5 ml doses of MMR II (therapy type was not reported) (lot number K016154 and expiration date 24-SEP-2016). Concomitant therapy was not reported. On 24-AUG-2015 (reported as five days post vaccination), the patient developed rash on her stomach and back. The pharmacist stated that he would recommend cortisone cream as treatment for the event. The outcome of the event was reported as not recovered. The patient sought medical attention, she called pharmacy on 02-SEP-2015 (reported as today). The relatedness between the event and the MMR II was not reported. Additional information is not expected as the reporter did not wish further contact.
Tingling around lips, rash to bilateral upper shoulders, rash to bilateral palms.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to an unspecified number of unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On unspecified dates since 01-AUG-2015, the patients were vaccinated with an unspecified number of improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot number K010319 and expiration date 22-JUL-2016) (dose and route of administration were not reported). Concomitant therapy was not reported. No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Erythema and edema of (L) upper arm where 2 vaccines were administered. Also has itching.
Rash 5 days after receiving MMR (9/1/15 MMR administered).
1:00 am, patient woke us up screaming, she had a fever of 104.5. She screamed and cried with her eyes halfway open until 6am. She was unable to speak during that time. Since then her stools have been very loose, light colored and malodorous.
Several minutes after MMR and varicella administration patient felt itchy. Progressed to swelling of lip, flushed face and ears and hives which began to confluence. Initially given 25mg diphenhydramine when itchy, subsequently given EPI.
9/14/15 at approx. 1040am mother contacted our office to advise 2 days post immunization patient was noted to have dime sized rash appearance of baby dime noted to chest and 1/4 of facial area with fist sized area of a somewhat bigger rash with areas of what appeared to be pustules. Low grade fever of 99 Ax. Crabby, not herself, and needy. At time of call mom states pt. sx improved. Offered to schedule for further evaluation. Mom declined. Provider notified.
Received VARIVAX on 9/4/15. Seen in our office 9/14/15 with 3 day hx low grade fever and 2 day hx of multiple vesicles on body. Dx with varicella.
Patient seen by a M.D. was told symptoms such as swelling of her gland, pain, dizziness, h/a, n/v where associated with receiving MMR vaccine.
Increased redness but no bump.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant regarding a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies and concomitant therapies were not reported. On 09-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (dose and route were not reported, lot # K024035, expiration date 26-NOV-2016) and with an improperly stored dose of VAQTA (dose and route were not reported, lot # L009445, expiration date 01-JUN-2017). There were no adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 27-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II, lot # K024035, expiration date: 26-NOV-2016, (dose, dose number, route of administration and injection site were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 28-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K024035 and expiration date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route of administration were not reported). On the same day the patient was vaccinated with VAQTA (lot number L009445 and expiration date 01-JUN-2017) (dose and route of administration were not reported). Concomitant therapy was not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patients' medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 18-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II, lot # K024035, expiration date: 26-NOV-2016, (dose, dose number, route of administration and injection site were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant regarding a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies and concomitant therapies were not reported. On 01-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (dose and route were not reported, lot # K024035, expiration date 26-NOV-2016) and with an improperly stored dose of VAQTA (dose and route were not reported, lot # L009445, expiration date 01-JUN-2017). There were no adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patients' medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 24-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II, lot # K024035, expiration date: 26-NOV-2016, (dose, dose number, route of administration and injection site were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse and refers to a 2 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's medical history included mosquito bites and exaggerated swelling response to them. The patient did not have any other known allergies. On 08-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, lot # K021952, expiration date 10-NOV-2015 (dose and route of administration were not provided). The patient took no concomitant medications. On 10-SEP-2015, the patient developed eye swelling. On an unknown date in September 2015, the patient was examined by the physician who documented that the patient had no discharge and no fever. The physician believed that the patient might had been bitten by mosquito as the patient had a history of an exaggerated swelling response to mosquito bites in the past. The physician diagnosed the patient's eye swelling as cellulitis of the face. The physician prescribed BACTRIM, solution, 6 ml, orally, every 12 hours for 7 days and amoxicillin, 250 mg/5ml orally, every 12 hours for 7 days to the patient as the treatment of the event. No lab diagnostics were performed. At the time of reporting (reported as currently), the patient was recovering from the event. The relatedness between the event and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patients' medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 18-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II, lot # K024035, expiration date: 26-NOV-2016, (dose, dose number, route of administration and injection site were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 09-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with doses of improperly stored MMR II, lot number K024035, expiration date: 26-NOV-2016, (dose, dose number, route of administration and injection site were not reported) and VAQTA, lot number L009445, expiration date: 01-JUN-2017, (dose, dose number, route of administration and injection site were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patients' medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 09-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II, lot # K024035, expiration date: 26-NOV-2016, (dose, dose number, route of administration and injection site were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history, concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies were reported. On 28-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with VAQTA lot # L009445, expiration date 01-JUN-2017 (dose, route of administration and anatomical location were not reported) and MMR II lot # K024035, expiration date 26-NOV-2016 (dose, route of administration and anatomical location were not reported), that were improperly stored. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 21-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of VAQTA (dose and route were not reported, lot # L009445, expiry date 01-JUN-2017) and M-M-R II (dose and route were not reported, lot # K024035, expiry date 26-NOV-2016). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. There was no medical history or drug reaction/allergies reported. Between the dates of 02-MAR-2015 to August 2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot# was K015375 with expired date 18-SEP-2016, dose and route were unknown). No concomitant medication was provided. No adverse effect was reported. This is one of two reports received from the same reporter (1509USA004852). Additional information has been requested.
(L) post. forearm red, swollen, (approx 1 1/2 in diam.) and warm to touch. Rec. ice pack and TYLENOL.
Pt became cold and clammy. Non verbal for a few seconds (during the onset of vagal response. Pt immediately placed in supine postion with legs elevated. BP 113/66 HR 54. Pt kept for 30 minutes after vaccine event. Pt with irregular heart rate and low HR. Pt unsure if this was normal. Pt stated had not eaten anything today. Bp 114/70 and HR 54 on discharge.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse and refers to a patient of unknown age. Pertinent medical history or drug allergies/drug reactions were not reported. On 14-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K003806, expiration date 13-MAR-2016) 0.5 ml, subcutaneous (anatomical location of administration was not reported). There was no concomitant medication reported. Additionally, no adverse effects were reported after improperly stored vaccine was administered. Additional information has been requested.
Fussiness and fever day after vaccines, irritability x 6 days.
Rash on left leg itching. No fever or joint swelling. (+) blanching/pruritic erythematous papular rash to LLE with some excoriation from scratching.
Injection site skin infection.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker and medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age. On 15-SEP-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (incorrect product storage) (lot#L009213, expiry date: 17-MAR-2017). No adverse symptoms reported. The outcome was unknown. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
Left upper arm with 4 in x 3 in area of slight erythema and warmth, no tenderness. Likely large weal inflammatory reading.
Nasal congestion, sore throat, cough, fever, headache, body aches. Temp 98/3 (tympanic) Prescription for Z-pak given.
Sore throat, nasal congestion, cough, nausea, vomited x3. Temp 98.9 (tympanic).
T 36 C (102.2 F); vesicular rash X 3 now discolored approx 1-2 cm. Fever today 100.2 tympanic. Mother reports rash worstening. PHN observed generalized red pinpoint rash in groin; on abdomen on back on legs. Day 10 after vaccines mother concerned child with decreased fluid intake and decreased urine out put. She has not treated fever or pushed po fluids. Child very weak but verbally and physically responsive to PHN testing temperature tympanically. Other significant history; child started vaccines June 11 2016 when returned from abroad. Child normally very active and went to playground in local mall after receiving 2nd set of vaccines on 9/14/15. Mother reports 2 lb weight loss. PHN assessed probable dehydtation. PHN reported to NP. Mother instructed to administer childrens Tylenol q 6 hours and push po fluid such as water juice; pedialyte. If no improvement despite this mother instructed to bring child to ER since child does not have an established MD. PHN will follow up with T/C this PM and 9/25/15 AM. 9/24/15 5 PM mother reports child drank better voided x3 and has no fever. 9/25/15 mother reports child awake and crying all night; voided X 1 and she was unable to give him Tylenol or increase his fluid intake. PHN instructed mother to take child to ER for fluids. NP and Office manager notified. Incident report and VAERS filed. PHN request mother call with update.
101 Fever, red spots on belly.
Onset of rash, starting on the neck and upper trunk and then extending to the face and arms and legs and whole body.
At 2:00 approx while in school he reported nausea and feeling hot and weak; at 5:30 I observed patient to go white, diaphoretic, clammy, c/o of trouble breathing (though visibly breathing), headache, nausea, low grade fever 99.4 lasted all weekend. Cold sx next day. Missed school on Monday.
C/o development of non pruritic rash 10 days following MMR vaccine - preceded by one day of catarrhal sxs. (no fever). Rash duration: 5 days; all symptoms resolved without treatment by 5-7 days.
Mom presented to office stating 9/16/15 child developed a rash right leg lateral thigh, approximately 2 wks after Varicella injection 8/28/15.
Client called 9-25-15 at 2:49 p.m. report reaction to MMR vaccine received 9-17-15 left arm. C/O symptoms-swelling lips, red, oral mucosa, very sensitive hot itching at site, papule red ? 4 cm per client, no breathing problems.
Information has been received from a nurse practitioner referring to a 12 month old male patient with mild anaemia and no drug allergies. The patient's medical history included failure to thrive. On 04-SEP-2015 the patient was vaccinated with 0.5 ml single dose of MMR II (therapy type: rHA) (lot # K016154, expiration date 24-SEP-2016) subcutaneously for routine vaccination. Concomitant therapy included POLY-VI-SOL WITH IRON DROPS (reported as POLY-VI-SOL WITH IRON). On 04-SEP-2015, the patient was diagnosed with an ear infection during the examination at the same office visit. On 05-SEP-2015 the patient experienced a rash and was seen by the physician who described the rash as a blanching, pink, macular rash, generalized on the body. No treatment was given for the rash. The nurse practitioner was informed by the patient's mother that since 05-SEP-2015, the patient also experienced fevers on an off, up to 101F. The patient did not receive AUGMENTIN which was prescribed on 04-SEP-2015 for the ear infection, until 08-SEP-2015. When the patient was seen on 17-SEP-2015, the rash that began on 05-SEP-2015 had resolved and the patient had no fever. However the patient was experiencing a villiform rash on trunk, which had spread over the body including the face, palms of hands and soles of feet. No treatment was provided for the rash on 17-SEP-2015. No lab diagnostics studies were performed. Outcome of the event ear infection and rash generalised was unknown. The nurse practitioner described the patient as happy, irritable and stable. Causality assessment was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
11 year old, felt dizzy, diaphoretic low blood pressure after MMR given. Heart rate low she did faint but was arousable. BG 77. Placed supine with legs elevated. Given low flow oxygen. Vitals monitored. She recovered. Soda given to increase blood sugar. No S/s of hives, swelling or shortness of breath. No difficulty swallowing.
Pt due for Varivax, MD ordered Varivax, Zostavax was administered.
Patient reports waking up around 5AM feeling very warm, and reports malaise, reports temperature the day after 101.3F, fever resolved later that day. Reports she slept the entire day. Patient also complains of soreness at injection site after administration. Symptoms resolved without medication.
Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, rash under arms.
12 HOUR LOW GRADE FEVER OF AROUND 100. HEADACHE AROUND 8 PM. LOSS OF APPETITE, THREE SEPARATE SEIZURES AT 3PM, 6PM AND 8PM ALL HAD STARING SOMETIMES JERKING, AND INCONTINENCE.   RED SPOTS ON FACE AND TRUNK THAT LASTED AROUND 6 HOURS THE NEXT DAY ON 9/27/2015.
High fever on Sat. Hive for now two days. Treatment Benadryl.
Client became clammy and pale. States that she felt weird after her shots. Denies headaches, blurred vision but stomach ache per she states that she did not eat today and has been here since 7 am. Ice pack given, snacks. VS complete. Resolved s/s at discharge.
None stated.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse regarding an unspecified number of patients of unknown age. There was no information about concurrent condition and historical medication. On 18-AUG-2015, the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # J013316, expiration date 22-OCT-2015 and lot # K005175, expiration date 10-APR-2016. No concomitant medication was reported. No adverse event was reported. No PQC was involved. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
On 9/22/2015, a red bump rash appeared on patient's sides of his torso, with several bumps on his legs, and face. This rash continued for 5 days. On 9/24/2015, patient had an event where his eyes were focused completely to the left and was completely unresponsive for 7 seconds. He was seen that afternoon by Dr. and it was determined that patient suffered an Absence Seizure. Beginning on 9/27/2015 and lasting until 9/30/2015, patient has been suffering from high fevers fluctuating from 102.5 and is continuing to have fever.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse regarding an unspecified number of patients of unknown age. There was no information about concurrent condition and historical medication. On 20-AUG-2015, the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # J013316, expiration date 22-OCT-2015 and lot # K005175, expiration date 10-APR-2016. No concomitant medication was reported. No adverse event was reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse regarding an unspecified number of patients of unknown age. There was no information about concurrent condition and historical medication. On 26-AUG-2015, the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # J013316, expiration date 22-OCT-2015 and lot # K005175, expiration date 10-APR-2016. No concomitant medication was reported. No adverse event was reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse regarding an unspecified number of patients of unknown age. There was no information about concurrent condition and historical medication. On 04-AUG-2015, the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II lot # J013316, expiration date 22-OCT-2015 and lot # K005175, expiration date 10-APR-2016. No concomitant medication was reported. No adverse event was reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
(L) anterior thigh with 3 cm erythematous inflammed pain.
Dimple @ site of injection. Left thigh.   Dimple increased in size over the next 6 months.   Dimple is now the size of a dime.
Numbness in the lateral right leg.
Fever (101F), headache, and body aches for about 36 hours.
High fever for three days up to 102F controlled with OTC medication. On the fourth day a rash appeared and lasted a day. On the fifth day the child's gums looked red and irritated and the child refused solid food. This lasted several days. The doctor diagnosed herpangina.
1 day after giving vaccine, right thigh had swelling, redness. No fever.
Between 1 and 3 days after 12 month vaccines, she broke out in a rash. The rash went away and came back in 2 wks. It disappeared again and came back in 1 month. Provider believes it could be MMR related.
Rash surrounding vaccine sites. No swelling.
Redness size of baseball on evening of shot following day now is approx. 8inches by 6inches, hot to touch and swelling.
Patient was given the MMR vaccine while pregnant. Patient did not inform administering provider of pregnancy. Patient is in her first trimester.
Erythema Multiforme. Recommended symptomatic treatment with Acetaminophen or Diphenhydramine as needed.
Morbilliform rash on trunk, diaper area, face, nape of neck 10 days after administration of MMR 2 #1; low grade fever, cervical LAD.
Mild fever, runny nose, skin rash (resembles chickenpox) originating on abdomen, spread to limbs and face.
Child became incredibly cranky followed by a significant loss of engagement and attention. He also became orally fixated and began licking and mouthing everything completely out of nowhere. Child was already delayed and received therapies, all therapists agree that he has lost a year of hard work.
Herpes Zoster Rash.
Fever, chills, achiness for 3 days followed by rash for 3 days.
Erythema and hive on the site of VARIVAX and Hep A injection (Rt thigh). Erythema on the site of MMR injection (left) thigh.
None stated.
Patient given live vaccine (MMR) while he is HIV positive.
On 10/1/2015 at about 1:04PM, Mother of patient reported that patient had a seizure that lasted about a minute. The shaking was slow and her eyes rolled up. She was unsure of her temperature at the time of the incident. EMS evaluated her and determined to call her PCP for follow up, but did not warrant a trip to the ER. She mentioned that patient is still tired, but alert and oriented. She should be active and playing now because she just woke up, but she is tired.
Shortly after giving vaccine, discovered that the dose of varicella vaccine that was administered expired in June 2015. Public health contacted. Student contacted via his school nurse. Will repeat dose in 4 weeks.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a 4 month old patient. On 17-SEP-2015, the 4 month old patient was vaccinated with doses of MMR II, (Merck) VARIVAX, VAQTA, poliovirus vaccine inactivated (unspecified) and DTAP. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Patient developed a generalized, erythematous, maculopapular rash on 9/27.  She was seen in our office on 9/28.  She was slightly fussy, though afebrile.
Joint pain and swelling 2 wks following MMR vaccine. Some mild tingling sensation.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. The patients concomitant therapies, medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On an unknown dates in August 2015 (reported as some time in August 2015), the patients were vaccination with unspecified doses of MMR II injection, lot # K024038, expiration date 26-NOV-2016 (route of administration and dose were not provided) that were improperly stored. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the two reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
None stated.
His eyes were swollen shut and watery, especially his left eye. He acted like he was in a lot of pain because he screamed all day if he wasn't napping. He was very lethargic. He wouldn't hold his head up for about 3-4 hours after the shot. He acted dizzy. He would not sit up. His whole left side was swollen.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker referring to a 30 to 40 patients of unknown age and gender. Since an unknown date in September 2015 (the vaccinations occurred within the past 2 weeks) the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (therapy type: rHA, dose and frequency were not reported, lot # K024036 with expiration date: 26-NOV-2016). No adverse effects reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected. Reporters did not wish to be contacted.
On 20-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a doses of MMR II (lot #, expiration date, dose and route were not reported), LIQUID PEDVAXHIB (lot #, expiration date, dose and route were not reported), (Oka-Merck) PROQUAD (lot #, expiration date, dose and route were not reported), RECOMBIVAX HB (lot #, expiration date, dose and route were not reported), VAQTA (lot #, expiration date, dose and route were not reported), (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX and GARDASIL 9 (lot #, expiration date, dose and route were not reported) as well as 5 other unspecified vaccines (non Merck manufactured) all in one visit. On 22-AUG-2015, the patient experienced severe ear infections, weight gain, lack of energy, sleeplessness, dragging along at school, her eyes were hollow, she was showing no signs of emotion anymore. The mother reported that her daughter looked like she had been poisoned. There was no labs diagnostics studies performed. The patient was treated with ibuprofen, ofloxacin and amoxicillin. The outcome adverse events was reported as not recovered. The patient sought medical attention via visiting her doctor. The relatedness between adverse events and suspected therapies was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Fever of 103.0 x 1 episode. Stiff for a few seconds. Chills.
This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. No concurrent condition, medical history or allergy/drug reactions were reported. On 15-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of MMR II (Lot # JJ006995, expiration date 14-JUN-2015 (also reported) 12-JUL-2015) (dose and route not provided). Later, on the same day, the patient was vaccinated with another dose of MMR II (dose, route, lot No. were not provided). The reason was because they thought the expired dose would not count. Concomitant medications were not informed. No adverse event and product quality issue were involved it was unknown if the patient sought medical attention. Additional information has been requested.
Shots given 9-4-15 mom states child started running high fever 103, with rash to trunk of body, arms, and legs, itching, and red throat on 9-21-15. Inst. to go to doctor. Child had red swollen tonsils with pus on visual exam. Mom brought child to doctor. Doctor said Fifth disease and started on antibiotics.
9 days from MMR patient developed a maculopapular rash abd, back, legs. Per dad rash lasted approximately 48 hours. No fever. Some area of rash coalescing to one red maculopapular area.
9 days after MMR patient developed maculopapular rash on face, neck, abd, back and legs. Pt also had fever 2 days prior - patient given MMR at another physician's office and was traveling.
10 days after 1 year old vaccine. Parents noted pt with rash, itchy, macular papular rash on abd, back, neck and arms.Within first 24 hours.  4 days prior pt had fever Tm 101 approximately 24 hours. MMR given (another physician office).
Localized reaction in the right upper extremity from immunization. KINRIX (Dtap and IPV), moderate erythema; induration, blisters.
Fever of 103F, mild rash on legs, back and little in front and neck. Give Tylenol and motrin for fever.
9/15/15 mom reported thighs swollen, tender, warm to touch. Area size of child's palm. Didn't want to walk. Also night vaccines were given child felt warm (temp not taken) and experienced vomiting and hallucinations. Treatment - rest, cool compresses, ADVIL.
Pt complains of rash. Rash has not occurred previously. It is located on the face, chest, and back. Describes rash as pink and papular. Possible contributing factors include IZs on Monday, including MMR.
Pt. came in to the office with a firm mass in the left thigh after immunizations.
Rash on trunk and face started days after vaccines. No fever.
Day 12 post vaccination: pt developed fussiness, low grade fevers around approximately 100 F. Noted rash over neck and trunk. Few areas on face and arms involved.
Vesicular lesions forehead, chest, arms <20.
None stated.
Red round warm lump (R) leg.
Injection site became red and itchy, area of erythema 4cmX4cm. Provided with hydrocortisone, skin pen used to mark area for pt to monitor for increasing size. Pt instructed to return on 10/13/15 for further eval.
Noticed a lump on her leg when changing her diaper that morning. Was thinking it was an insect bite (possibly a tick), it was hot and red so I took her to the doctor. It was 10 days after her vaccine and I wasn't even thinking it could be that until the doctor that read her records noted that she was just seen for her check up. It was then that I realized it was at the injection site because it was in a slightly different spot than usual. Dr. treated her for cellulitis and recommended we follow up with her doctor on Monday and see which vaccine it was. Her leg didn't seem to be getting any better so they switched her antibiotic. She did respond to this one. In the meantime she was at the urgent care on Saturday and on Sunday her twin brother had a lump on his other leg. When I took them both on Monday I found out that it was the Varicella injection site where they were infected. Something is not right!!
Patient's twin sister had a lump start on her leg the day before. I had taken her to urgent care thinking it was a tick bite but found out it was where her injection was and it was cellulitis. I made an appointment to get them both into their pediatrician on Monday to find out more. It was the injection site of the Varicella vaccine for both of them. Something is wrong with this batch. They were both badly infected!! His sister didn't respond to the first antibiotic so they switched her and started him on the stronger one they put her on. They responded to the antibiotic but it took a few days. It was a nasty infection at the injection site. Please note that they had the MMR shot in the opposite leg with no reaction.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse via company representative refers to a 3 year old patient. No information on patient's medical history or concurrent conditions was provided. On an unknown date in 2012, the patient was vaccinated with the dose of PEDVAXHIB, MMR II, VARIVAX and RECOMBIVAX HB (doses, lot number and expiration date were not reported). No information on patient's concomitant medication was provided. On approximately 25-SEP-2015 (reported as was just administered) (also reported as date unspecified), the patient was administered the catch up dose of PEDVAXHIB, MMR II, VARIVAX and RECOMBIVAX HB (doses, lot number and expiration dates were not reported). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
REDNESS, SWELLING AT SITE, ITCHING.
10 minutes after vaccine administration- patient started getting pruritic hives, diffuse redness, angioedema and respiratory distress.
Papular rash on arms, legs and torso. No fever, no blisters and mouth clear. No localized pain and no swelling, no bruising, no blisters. Acting alert and good P.O.
Cellulitis.
Patient seen 10/12/15 with onset of rash 10/9/15; had measles like rash that started on face and spread to body.
Child required vaccine for completion of vaccine scheduled. HIB vaccine ordered. Hep B vaccine administered in error. Child did not require Hep B, 4 doses had already been received.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a patient of unknown age. On 16-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (batch/lot number #J006141, expiration date 24-MAY-2015, dose and route not provided). No adverse effects were reported. Lot number #J006141 is valid for M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
Very large localized erythema on right thigh causing pain.
Sweating profusely, screaming/crying- initially unconsolable, body jerks/involuntary limb twitching and muscle contractions, staring of into space, was able to call him down while muscles continued to twitch after 1.5 hours. 48 Hours later, hives broken out all over legs and arms, raised and purple in places. Muscles still twitching when he falling asleep, seeking neurologist appt and allergist appt.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician via a company representative concerning a 15 month old male patient. Medical history or concurrent conditions were not reported. On 15-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II, subcutaneously (lot number and expiration date was not provided. Concomitant therapies included diphtheria toxoid, pertussis acellular vaccine (unspecified), tetanus toxoid (DIPHTHERIA TOXOID (+) PERTUSSIS ACELLULAR VACCINE (UNSPECIFIED) (+) TE) received on an unspecified date. On 23-SEP-2015, 8 days after receiving MMR II, the patient developed a bulls eye type rash on the trunk of their torso (Bullous rash). He was given prednisone as treatment for the event, therefore, at the time of the report, it was unknown if the patient had recovered from Bullous rash. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information regarding the patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medication and drug reactions or allergies were reported. On 30-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with extra doses of MMR II (strength, dose, lot # and expiration date were not provided) and (Merck) VARIVAX (strength, dose, lot # and expiration date were not provided). The past doses of MMR II were administered on 01-FEB-2011, 04-MAY-2011 and 01-NOV-2011. The past doses of (Merck) VARIVAX were administered on 07-NOV-2013 and 25-FEB-2014. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Lethargy and emesis upon arrival at home.  Parent notified the office and returned arriving at 11:51 AM.
Child developed urticaria on right arm 10 min after administering MMR vaccine. No other symptoms. Given Benadryl and observed in office.
None stated.
None stated.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse refers to unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not provided. On an unspecified date, in September 2015, reported as sometime during the month of September 2015, the patients were vaccinated with unspecified improperly stored doses of MMR II lot # J013316 and expiration date 22-OCT-2015, lot # K022285 expiration date 12-NOV-2016, lot # L009213 expiration date 17-MAR-2017 and lot # K024035 expiration date 26-NOV-2016, (dose, route of administration and anatomical location were not provided). There were not concomitant medications reported. There was not product quality issue involved. This is one case of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Left arm redness warm to touch. Diagnosis: Cellulitis Tx with Cephalexin 250 mg/5 mL bid x 10 days.
Itchy, erythematous pustule burning rash over upper chest area along dermatome.
MISCARRAGE.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report was received from a healthcare worker refers to a female patient of unknown age. The patient was pregnant. There was no information about patient's medical history, concurrent conditions, drug reactions and allergies. On 05-AUG-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003859, expiry date: 05-FEB-2017). Other suspect therapies included VARIVAX (lot # L010148, expiry date: 24-MAR-2017). Reporting healthcare worker stated that the patient was approximately 5-6 weeks pregnant at the time of report on 01-SEP-2015. The last menstrual period (LMP) and estimated date of delivery (EDD) were not reported. The pregnancy outcome was outcome pending. No adverse effects were reported. Outcome of the event, exposure during pregnancy was unknown. Causality assessment was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
Patient was given 3 flu shots by accident. Patient came in with his Mother, and Sister; to all receive their flu shots. Patient was also getting his 4 year old immunizations. (Varicella, DTaP, MMR, and IPV-plus the flu shot- in total 4 shots). MA drew up all of the shots, asked another MA, for assistance to give patient 2 of his shots, and she would give his other 2 shots. MA grabbed the wrong 2 shots from the wrong pocket and gave them to the patient. The incident was recognized immediately, MA asked other MA to step out with her and it was reported to the Dr immediately, and practice administer. The Mother was made aware and was not upset or alarmed at all. She even jokingly stated that he would be protected from the flu for sure this flu season. An incident report was drew up, and MA discussed with Dr., practice administrator, and her fellow MA's what to do to prevent this from happening again.
PC 10/7/15 -> pinpoint red rash all over, yellow eye discharge - appt for next morning, give TYLENOL/MOTRIN for fever, discomfort, BENADRYL for hs. OV 10/8/15 -> dx with viral exanthem vs MMR reaction - supportive care. PC 10/9/15 -> still crying, fussy, rash but no fever - to give pain reliever - rash will fade and to call if present after 3-4 days - poss. Fifth's disease. 10/10 OV - rash fading - viral exanthem dx. PC 10/12 - hives developed, eyes swollen with discharge. Sent for stat BW.
Large red area-painful-itchy-raised area. Approx 3inches in diameter. Immunization possibly given in sub Q tissue. Large part leaked out of site when given. Given closer to inner thigh.
Fever: (102 degrees) Day 7 till currently Day 12. Rash: Flushed Red & Raised Bumps starting Day 12. Unusually cranky, upset, sleeping more.
Vaccine administered 5:45 pm, 10/15 no problems - patient left clinic feeling fine. 3 am awoke with joint pain in wrist and headache. Took MOTRIN one at 7:30 am, feeling tired and pain 6 out of 10. Injection sites no redness/swelling.
Violent vomiting every 20 minutes for approximately 8 hours.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a 5 year old female patient with a known gelatin and tree nut allergy. The patient had no pertinent medical history. On 15-OCT-2015 an unspecified allergist had conducted a scratch test on the patient with the M-M-R II and the patient had a reaction to the scratch test. Then the allergist had made the decision to split up the full dose, 0.5mL, of the M-M-R II into 4 separate doses and the first dose of 0.05mL, was given on 15-OCT-2015 subcutaneously for MMR at the allergists office. There was no concomitant therapy. On 15-OCT-2015, immediately after receiving the vaccine, the patient experienced anaphylactic reaction with tongue swelling, sneezing, coughing, clearing her throat, hives around the injection site and hives around her mouth. The nurse reported that the allergist had given the patient epinephrine, BENADRYL, an unspecified steroid and ZYRTEC as treatment. No test was performed for the event. The patient felt better later on that day after receiving the treatment. The causality between the events and the vaccination was not reported. Upon internal review, anaphylactic reaction was considered to be medically significant. Additional information has been requested.
PT has tonic clonic seizure within 5 min of immunization lasting for 1 min. Pt was evaluated with CT head to r/o any intracranial mass; which was WNL.
No tx given by parents. Rt arm at injection site red, tender, and painful to touch.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. No previous drug reactions or allergies were reported. On 07-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired MMR II (strength, frequency were not reported) 0.5 ml (lot # not reported with an expiry date of 26-JUL-2015) subcutaneously. No concomitant medications were reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint. Additional information has been requested.
Redness on the right side where DTaP and Polio was given. Pt left Band-Aid and put ice pack directly on the skin for so long.
(R) arm swelling and redness after vaccine delayed reaction. Symptoms started 1 week after administration. Antihistamine oral and topical steroid cream.
Red, tender, warmth to (L) leg at injection site. C/O pain to touch. Denies fever.
Received call from PMC office that pt had gone there 2 days after vaccine administration with induration (R) arm 16 cm x 11 cm and temp increased 101. Treated with KEFLEX x 10 days.
Stiffening, followed by Shaking - at home ('several minutes') - no treatment; Followed by second event at 4am 10/21/2015.  Taken to ED noted by febrile 38.6.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to two unspecified patients of unknown age and unknown gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 25-SEP-2015, the patients were vaccinated with properly stored MMR II (lot number and expiry date were not reported0 which was reconstituted with improperly stored sterile diluent (lot# K026419 and expiry date: 19-OCT-2017, lot# L012345 and expiry date: 23-JAN-2018), each receiving one dose each on 25-SEP-2015. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
None stated.
Twelve month old boy, 12 days post vaccination, became unsteady when walking, falling easily. No head trauma, no access to drugs or toxins. Dx: Acute Cerebellar Ataxia.
Mom called into County Public Health Dept on 10/22/2015 at 8:45 am. She stated patient had approx. 10 bumps starting late Wednesday, 10/21/2015 from head to toe. Mom stated child has no fever, eating, drinking, and sleeping normally. Daycare sent child home. Instructed mom that a VAERS report would be done and to notify pediatrician. Noted chart.
Developed a rash on her torso which then spread to her back, bum, arms and face. But cleared up within 2 days.
Pt received 4 yo vaccines on Tues 9-23-15. Pt ran low grade temp that p.m. No other issues. Friday when aunt picked him up at pre-K pt had 2 blisters on (L) lower leg. School nurse unsure what the cause. Pt grandparent applied Band-Aid over the blisters that popped Fri PM. Small rash, irritation type, around 2 almost healed blisters on (L) lower leg in shape of Band-Aid. No s/s of infection. Aunt whom has custody states he is fine just don't know what the blisters were from and making sore not from vacc. Nurse adv aunt as lets take to PCP she declined.
Localized reaction to injection site right thigh. Localized reaction to left vastus lateralis injection site. BENADRYL 3/4 tsp given in office at 9:45AM.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a 5 year old patient of unknown gender. There was no medical history or concurrent condition reported. On 17-SEP-2015, doses of VARIVAX (Merck) (lot # K010437, expiry date 22-JUL-2016) (dosage, strength and route were not reported) and M-M-R II (lot # K018965, expiry date 15-OCT-2016) (dosage, strength and route were not reported), which were exposed to a temperature excursion, were administered to the patient. At the time of the report, the patient had not experienced an adverse effect. Additional information has been requested.
THE PATIENT HAD A FEBRILE REACTION WITH LOCAL SWELLING AND ERYTHEMA AT THE INJECTION SITE.  THE PAITENT ALSO COMPLAINED OF MYALGIA AND DARKENED URINE. THESE RESOLVED ABOUT 72 HOURS AFTER ONSET.
Developed varicella rash about 10 days after receiving his first dose of varicella vaccine. Generalized rash, 102.2 F temperature, and cough. Evaluated at ED on 2/5/2015. Rash onset 2/5/2015.
Night of 10/20/15 child developed redness on left deltoid area measuring 50 mm x 50 mm. Per mother child complained of pain, itchiness and mild fever.
MMR vaccine was expired (4 days) and check expiration date was missed at time that vaccine was given, then on documentation of administration, date was noted as expired.
Dtap given and not needed. No adverse outcome.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician (who was also the patient's mother) and refers to a 12 month old male patient. No medical history, concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies were reported. On 28-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot #, dose and route of administration were not provided). On 02-OCT-2015, the patient had a fever of 106 F and was lethargic. He was not moving around and only lying in one place. His face was red and he had some red bumpy spots on his feet. The patient was given TYLENOL, ADVIL, dextrose, Pedialyte and probiotics as a treatment for the events. The fever did not go below 102 F even with the TYLENOL, ADVIL and sponging him down in bath. On 03-OCT-2015, the patient was taken to his physician's office, where he was diagnosed with mild middle ear infection but the patient's physician did not feel the ear infection could had made the fevers go that high. The outcome of fever was recovered on 08-OCT-2015, the patient was afebrile, while the outcome of other events was unknown. The reporter did not specify whether any of the other symptoms had resolved. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information is not expected, as the reporter denied any further contact.
Pt. came in this morning to get Kindergarten immunizations and a flu shot.  He rec'd DTaP, IPV, MMR, Varivax and a flu shot.  Approx 5 minutes after getting immunizations, he began to c/o to parents of difficulty breathing.  When staff returned to the room, he was upright and presented with increased resp rate & effort and wheezing.  Decreased aeration throughout all lung fields.  Dr. arrived in room and ordered Epi 0.3 mg sub Q (given in R anterior thigh) and Albuterol nebulizer 2.5 mg/3 ml NaCl.  Pulse ox at that time was 85-88% on RA.  Started O2 at 1/2 L/NP.  Pulse ox improved to 90%.  Improved aeration throughout but still wheezing.  Increased O2 to 1 L/NP.  EMS notified and arrived at approx. 0940.  Resp effort improved and was able to talk briefly.  Still wheezing.  Pulse ox steady at 93-94% on 1 L O2/NP.  BP 116/58 with HR of 123 after Albuterol Neb.  Assisted onto stretcher and transported to ER for further stabilization and treatment.
Per mom, patient developed vesicles with clear fluid (varicella-type rash) on arms, back, and legs 3 days after vaccine administration. No fever. When I evaluated patient on 10/23/15 there was evidence of erythematous crusted over varicella type rash.
Grandmother called to report that the patient had a few pustules on 10/20/15 and today 10/21/2015 patient is covered from head to toe with pustules. Grandmother states she called CDC today 10/21/2015.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy reprot has been received from a registered nurse via a company representative referring to a pregnant female patient of unknown age. Pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On approximately 24-SEP-2015 (reproted as approximately 1 week ago), the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II) (dose, route, lot# and expiration date were not reported) when she was 3 weeks pregnant. Concomitant drug was not reported. The patient became pregnant with estimated last menstruation period (LMP) of 03-SEP-2015 and estimated date of delivery (EDD) of 09-JUN-2016. No adverse effect was reported. Outcome of the events was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Red dots over trunk and face 10 days post MMR temp 101.1.
No adverse reaction to MMR given in error on 10/20/2015. Initial MMR given on 7/13/2014.
High fever for 2 days with rashes, treated with moldrin and Tylenol. 2nd reaction 6 days after the vaccines with no fever, but severe rashes lasting 5/6 days, treated with Benadryl for 2 days prescribed by doctor, but no changes.
8/13/15 ER developed maculopapular rash on trunk, arms and legs. ER stated chicken pox. 8/16/15 ER again now with rash on face, under nose and upper mouth. ER states impetigo. Mom unable to reach by phone or certified letter. Lost to follow up.
Cellulitis (L) arm. Follow up with provider 10/20/15 to re check. Tx with cephalexin 250 mg/5 ml bid x10 days.
This spontaneous prospective pregnancy report as received from a physician refers to a female patient of unknown age. The patient did not have any medical history or concurrent conditions. On 02-SEP-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number and expiry date unknown) (dosing regimen and frequency unknown) for an unknown indication and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (lot number and expiry date unknown) (dose regiment and frequency unknown) for an unknown indication. It was reported that the patient was not taking any  medications concomitantly. On 28-SEP-2015 the patient reported that she was pregnant (maternal exposure before pregnancy). On an unknown date approximately in 2015 the patient became pregnant. The Last Menstrual Period and Estimated Date of Delivery was not known. There were no lab diagnostics study performed. It was reported that the patient sought medical attention and visited the office (details unspecified). There was no treatment given for the adverse event. The pregnancy outcome was outcome pending. The outcome of maternal exposure before pregnancy was unknown. The action taken with the suspect drug therapy was unknown. There was no product quality complaint reported. Additional information has been requested.
Mom noticed a rash starting on 10/26/15 about 6:30 PM on his trunk.  No fever or any other symptoms.  Does not appear itchy.  Seen at the health department on 10/27/15 0900.  Maculopapular red rash to trunk, head, and spreading down arms and legs.  No additional symptoms.  Was seen at Medical Clinic by P.A. impression that it was a measles/rubella rash due to recent vaccination.
Information has been received from a physician referring to a 15 year old patient of unknown gender. On 14-OCT-2015 the patient, who had already received two doses of M-M-R II, received a third dose of M-M-R II in error (extra dose administered). The patient was not experiencing any adverse effects. Additional information has been requested.
Pt is 12 month old female seen 10/12/15 - d/+ worsening blister that scabbed 11 days s/p varicella immun (L) thigh- pt. had systemic reaction : V x 8 12 days after immunizatoin. Irritability and clumziness. Pt temp to 97.5. (L) thigh Redness, torso papules
On morning of 10/14/15 began having episodes of eye deviation (up and to left) lasting ~ 2 seconds, occurred twice on 10/14/15, then several times per day (4-25) every day since. (mom provided video recording of the episodes of eye deviation at visit on 10/20/15). On 10/21/15 had fever 101 and 3-4 episodes of staring, lasting 5-10 secsonds each (and seemed out of it during the staring episodes). Seen 10/22/15 for fever and treated with amoxicillin for left acute otitis media.  MRI and EEG negative.
5 days after shot noticed red circle at the site - it became larger and hard underneath. Exam - Red, hot circle 4 cm x 3.5 cm, hard lump under and surrounding circle 7 cm x 5 cm. 10-12-15 redness and hardness have reduced by 50% and continues daily.
Hives on both arms - 5 hr. after vaccines given.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant referring to a 6 month old patient of unknown gender. Cncurrent conditions, pertinent medical history or concomitant medications were not reported. On 12-OCT-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021950, expiration date: 10-NOV-2016 (anatomical location, dose and frequency were unspecified). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no medical history or concurrent condition reported. On 16-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # J008154, dose and frequency were unknown) subcutaneously, which was expired on 08-JUL-2015. No adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Erythematous raised welt at all injection sites on both arms and multiple similar lesions on trunks, arms and legs.
Hives developed 2-3 days following vaccination lasting several days. Steroids and antihistamine treatments.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to 3 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patients' concomitant medications and pertinent medical history reported. On 06-SEP-2015, one unspecified patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II lot # L001336, expiry date 13-JAN-2017 (route and site of administration, dose were not reported). On 11-SEP-2015, two unspecified patients were vaccinated with doses of improperly stored MMR II lot # L001336, expiry date 13-JAN-2017 (routes and sites of administration, doses were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Localized erythema/swelling of injection site almost immediately after admin (L arm IM). Treating with ice and ibuprofen. No s/sx anaphylaxis.
Pt developed redness and whelps around injection sites of MMR and varicella vaccines about 10 minutes after injections were given. Pt given 1.25 mL, Childrens BENADRYL 12.5,g/5mL orally. Approximately 15 minutes after medication given, redness and whelps had completely resolved.
After vaccine administration patient had a vasovagal reaction - no redness or swelling at injection site. States previously no other problems or reactions with previous vaccines. Per pt did not eat any breakfast. No seizure activity noted.
Very bad sore throat, 102 fever, swollen lymph nodes in neck.   Lots of crying.  Could not talk without pain.
Bad sore throat, 102.5 fever, swollen lymph nodes in neck.  Lots of crying.
Progressive fatigue, numbness and sensation of heaviness in lower extremities and upper extremities, decreased exercise tolerance.
Rash on R/L face, nare with swelling, couple breaths. H/O egg allergy. ZYRTEC/BENADRYL and allergy referred with EPI PEN Jr. Rx for use with anaphylaxis.
Rash--progressed to hives and shaking body movements felt to be a seizure per parent--not suppressable. Last approx. 1 minute while child asleep in crib.
After administration varicella, MMR and Hep A, pt had possible body stiffening with arms flexed up and eyes rolled up for 5 seconds. In setting of charge and breath holding. Pt returned to neurologic borderline immediately.
Information has been received from a certified medical assistant referring to multiple unspecified patients of unknown aye and gender. Pertinent medical history and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 01-JUNJ-2015, 08-JUN-2015, 22-JUN-2015 and 20-JUL-2015 the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot # K024038, expiration date 26-NOV-2016, route dose and therapy type were not reported). Concomitant drug was not reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Patient was seen in ER. C/o pain in right arm. On 10-28-15 she didn't recognize her neighbor. Has prior history of leukemia Also c/o weakness and malaise.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician refers to a 2 month old male patient. No concomitant medications and medical history were reported. On 16-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II with batch number-L009214, expiry date 17-MAR-2017, dose, route and anatomical location unspecified) in error (inappropriate schedule of drug administration). No adverse events were reported. No laboratory tests were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. The outcome of the events was unknown. The events were considered to be not related to M-M-R II. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 20-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with expired dose of M-M-R II, therapy type rHA (lot # J013131, expiration date 17-OCT-2015, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported) second dose. No adverse events were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Pt has cellulitis (L) LE. 16 x 16 cm erythema.
SWOLLEN RIGHT THIGH WITH NO REDNESS OR FEVER.
Patient was in the office for an annual well child check with immunization update - father did not have yellow immunization card nor any previous records with him.  Medical Assistant accidentally gave patient a Hepatitis A vaccine as well as a MMR vaccine - patient is only 5 months old.  Too soon for these vaccines to be given.
Rash - trunk, face, arms, neck. Rash was pruritic, chills, dry cough, hot/cold sweats, nasal congestion/runny nose, red eyes. TX: Recommended OTC BENADRYL or CLARITIN/antihistamine.
Developed red swollen area to the back of her right arm (where she received the vaccine).  Over the next two days, became more swollen, larger area, more red, hot to touch, and she started running fever (subjective).  On 9/18/15, the back of her right arm from just below her shoulder down to her elbow was red, very swollen, hot to the touch and she was pale and clammy.  Referred her to her private physician.  She was treated with 10 days of oral Bactrim and doxycycline-diagnosis of cellulitis.
Injection site was red swollen and bumpy. Painful to the touch and itchy. As the week went on, the redness looked more like a rash and started to spread. After 4 days, it had spread to her neck and she was developing small spots up and down her arms. Finally by day 5 the rash was bright red and had spread all over her body. She is itchy and her skin is swollen, especially around her arms and face. Took her to urgent care on Sunday 11/01/15 and then followed up at her doctor on Monday 11/02/15. Doctor agreed that it was a sever reaction to the varicella vaccine.
Vesicular rash on legs radiating to thighs, buttocks, back, abdomen, arms.
A PCV-13 was ordered, but a PPV-23 was given on 10/30/15. Parent notified, pt is well and appt scheduled for tmrw for correct vaccine.
On 10/24/15, patient developed fever and febrile seizure which lasted no more than two minutes. Was seen in ER on 10/24/15 and followed up in office on 10/25/15.
Patient administered KINRIX with exp. 10-19-15 on 10-29-15. Parent notified and will plan to revaccinate in 1 month at next check-up. Child underage for vaccine. CDC contacted.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse concerning a patient of unknown age. The patient's pertinent medical history or concurrent conditions were not provided. On 28-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMR II, lot # reported as L011528, expiration date: 03-APR-2017, (dose, route and anatomical location were not reported). Co-suspect therapies or concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected as the reporter did not wish further contact.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. No previous drug reactions or allergies were reported. On 28-OCT-2015 the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with expired dose of MMR II (strength, dose, frequency were not reported) lot # J013131 expiry date of 17-OCT-2015. No concomitant medications were reported. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint. Additional information has been requested.
5 October 2015 12 months old female received her 1-year-old vaccines to include MMR, varicella, and PREVNAR 13. Patient did well until approximately 5 days later on 10 October 15m pt developed a rash. Mother provided photos which were consistent with erythema multiforme. Also ED physician note and dermatologist both whom visualized the lesions concur with EM. Rash resolved without treatment after 5 days.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse regarding a patient of unknown demographics. There was no information about concurrent condition and historical medication. On 30-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired dose of M-M-R II, Lot # J006955, expiration date- 07-JUN-2015. No concomitant medication was reported. No adverse event was reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker (medical assistant) and refers to multiple unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. No information regarding the patients' medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On an unknown dates, the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot # K002816, expiration date 26-FEB-2016, exact doses and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Follow-up information has been received from a nurse on 20-OCT-2015. On 27-AUG-2015, a patient of unknown age and gender received a dose of M-M-R II (lot # K002816, expiration date 26-FEB-2016), which was exposed to a maximum temperature 49F for a total of 11 days prior to administration. All telephone attempts to obtain follow-up information have been unsuccessful. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested. Reporter , patient, suspect therapy, event and the narrative have been updated.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse regarding a patient of unknown demographics. There was no information about concurrent condition and historical medication. On 22-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired dose of M-M-R II, Lot # J006955, expiration date- 07-JUN-2015. No concomitant medication was reported. No adverse event was reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
That morning patient ran a very high temp of 103.7. After giving him a fever reducer his temp had spiked up again to 105. Patient had a seizure. He turned purple, was shaking and staring, and foaming at the mouth. He was rushed to the hospital by ambulance. The hospital checked his ears, ran a strep test, did an X-ray, took blood work, did a urine sample. The doctor told us everything came back fine. Patient continued to run a high fever up until Sunday. Then ran a low grade temp on Monday.  His temp was 104.4 Sunday morning at 4am. In his sleep he would wake up screaming and would act as if he wanted to roll or move but seemed as if he couldn't like his body just wouldn't move. He would not eat or drink anything. He was very lethargic at daycare on Monday Nov 2nd his teachers said he would sit and watch the other kids play. Mother did ask pediatrician Saturday Oct 31 at the follow up appt if his sickness could be related to the vaccines he received 10 days earlier. The doctor said it very well could be but she can't say and to keep an eye on him and that if he is still running a fever as of Tuesday Nov 3rd to bring him back in for more blood work.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician and refers to a 12 month old patient (gender was not reported). The patient's pertinent medical history or drug allergies/drug reactions were not reported. On 23-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of M-M-R II (lot number, expiration date, dose and route of administration were not reported) and with the first dose of PROQUAD (Merck) (lot number, expiration date, dose and route of administration were not reported) (overdose). There was no concomitant medication reported and no adverse effect were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Pt given MMR 9-28-15. States LMP 9-21-15. Signed consent form and live vaccine consent. Called 10-17-15 stating home preg. test (+). Did not see Dr. Was advised to contact someone else for options counseling.
Patient received a live virus vaccine (MMR) on 10/6/15. She presented today for a pregnancy test which was positive. Had signed consent not pregnant and agreed to not become pregnant within 4 weeks of vaccination. Based on LMP, probable conception was the day after receiving the MMR vaccine. Report is precautionary.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse (R.N.) via telephone call on 20-OCT-2015, concerning a 2 year old patient of unknown gender. No concurrent conditions or medical history were reported. On 31-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot K024825 Expiration date: not reported) (dose, route and anatomical location of administration were not reported). No concomitant therapy was provided. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse (R.N.) via telephone call on 20-OCT-2015, concerning a 5 year old patient of unknown gender. No concurrent conditions or medical history were reported. On 01-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L002242 Expiration date: not reported) (dose, route and anatomical location of administration were not reported). No concomitant therapy was provided. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse (R.N.) via telephone call on 20-OCT-2015, concerning a 15 month old patient of unknown gender. No concurrent conditions or medical history were reported. On 01-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L002242 Expiration date: not reported) (dose, route and anatomical location of administration were not reported). No concomitant therapy was provided. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse (R.N.) via telephone call on 20-OCT-2015, concerning a 12 month old patient of unknown gender. No concomitant conditions or medical history were reported. On 02-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L002242 Expiration date: not reported) and with an improperly stored dose of VAQTA (Lot No. L007559 Expiration date: not reported) (dose, route and anatomical location of administration were not reported). No concomitant therapy was provided. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse (R.N.) via telephone call on 20-OCT-2015, concerning a 5 year old patient of unknown gender. No concurrent conditions or medical history were reported. On 02-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K024825 Expiration date: not reported) and with an improperly stored dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (Lot No. L005299 Expiration date: not reported) (dose, route and anatomical location of administration were not reported). No concomitant therapy was provided. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history or concurrent conditions were not provided. Te registered nurse reported that on 02-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated inadvertently with a dose of both MMR II and a dose of PROQUAD (route, dose, lot # and expiry date were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Child returned to clinic within 30 minutes with wheezing, L eye swelling, and pruritis. Albuterol and Benadryl administered, with complete resolution of symptoms. No hypotension, vomiting associated. Child monitored for 30 min prior to discharge and at baseline when left clinic.
Within 10 mins of receiving vaccines pt. presented with hives on face, extremities and trunk. Dr was notified. Epinephrine 1:1000, 0.12 ml subq administered, steroids prescribed.
Patient developed a rash on his right leg (the same leg that he received the Varicella vaccine in) that continued to spread to other areas of the right leg. Rash was not painful or itchy. Patient was started on Acyclovir.  Over the next few days the rash continued on right leg. The wound was cultured and tested for Varicella Zoster PCR which came back positive.
After the last set of immunizatoins his equilibruim was off for about 10 days. It seemed that he was really tired all day and kept falling.  For about  5-6 days after getting last set of shots, when Pt was falling asleep at night, Pt would shake all over for less than 15 seconds and then fall asleep. He has not done it since. He had a little bit of a fever for 3 days after the last set of shots. Otherwise he has been fine. He is eating a variety of foods. He is talking, climbing, playing... he is having no neuro symptoms now.
This spontaneous report was received from a Licensed Practical Nurse regarding a patient of unknown demographics. There was no information about concurrent condition and historical medication. On 26-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with expired dose of M-M-R II lot # J010208, expiration date 23-AUG-2015, .5 ml, subcutaneous in the Anterolateral Left thigh (expired product administered). No adverse event was reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a licensed practical nurse concerning a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions, concomitant therapies, drug reactions or allergies were not reported. On 22-OCT-2015, the patient was accidentally vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II lot # J013069, expiration date 16-OCT-2015, (dose, dose number, route and anatomical location were unspecified). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a licensed practical nurse and refers to a 12 month 17 day, old female patient. The patient had received birth dose of Hepatitis B vaccine. The patient was born with anti-kell (isoimmune haemolytic disease) but had no complications. Patient's mother was concerned about a rash spreading down her legs from the groin area. The patient was a well-baby, well developed and well nourished. Upon general examination, the patient was found to be alert and active. Patient had normal muscle tone and strength, normal sensations, no ataxia and no abnormal reflexes. The patient had no known drug allergy. On an unspecified date, between 29-AUG-2015 and 29-OCT-2015 (also reported that date of visit was 31-AUG-2015), the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored (incorrect product storage) (Merck) VARIVAX lot # L008273, 0.5 ml in the left vastus lateralis. Patient was concomitantly vaccinated with MMR II and HAVRIX. The patient's other medications included cetirizine when required for allergies, nystatin and fluoride. Outcome of the incorrect product storage was not known. There were no adverse effects. This is one of the several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
None stated.
RED PAINFUL KNOT TO RIGHT TRICEP AREA AFTER VARICELLA IMMUNIZATION 2 DAYS AGO. TREATED WITH IBUPROFEN 800MG TID, DIPHENHYDRAMINE 25MG PO Q 6 HRS PRN ITHCHING, HEAT/COLD BAGS.
C/O REDNESS AND SWELLING IN RIGHT ARM FROM SHOULDER TO ELBOW.  Area, upon inspection, was red, swollen, and warm to touch.
Elevated temp to max 100 F; rash on chest, neck ears; 2 white bumps on R cheek.
PATEINT REPORTED HAVING FEVER, RASH ON FACE, CHEST, AND ABDOMEN AREA. ITCHING, HEADACHE. AFTER THE SECOND DAY WITH THE SYMPTOMS, RECEIVE TREATMENT IN HOSPITAL, ZYRTEC 10 MG 1 TAB DAILY. SHE RECOVERED 3 DAYS LATER.
Fever 100.6. Swollen cheeks and neck. Decreased appetite.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 12 month old female patient. The physician stated the patient had already received 2 doses of PREVNAR. On 12-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (dose, route and expiration date were not reported). Other suspect therapies included VAQTA lot# K019560 (dose, route and expiration date were not reported) and PREVNAR (dose, route, lot number and expiration date were not reported). There was no concomitant medication provided. On the same date after receiving the vaccines (during the same visit), the patient experienced a severe allergic reaction (hypersensitivity). The physician also reported that two hours after receiving these vaccines, the patient experienced an onset of lethargy, seemed to be gagging (retching), became pale (pallor) and limp (gait disturbance). The patient's parents took the child to an emergency department at an unspecified hospital, where the patient received BENADRYL and oxygen supplementation. The outcome of lethargy, gait disturbance, pallor, retching and hypersensitivity was reported as recovered on that same day (on 12-MAY-2015) and went home.  Relatedness between the therapy with the suspect therapies and the events was not reported. Additional information has been requested. Lot number L004012 is an invalid lot number for M-M-R II.
Rash all over body.
Upon completion of last injection (TWINRIX) patient stated he felt nauseated and he was about to faint. Patient began jerking upper extremities and then became limp. Skin pale and clammy. Last approx 20 sec.-1 min and regained stability. Approx 3 min later began jerking again as well as vomiting. Patient assisted to floor, turned on side. Shortly regained stability. EMT escorted to ED.
Mother noticed a lump to right and left arms at vaccine site after infant received vaccines on 9/8/15. Mother stated she took the child to a General Doctor last week and that she was told the lumps would soon go away. Mother was concerned that the lump on left arm had gotten bigger. Referred client to pediatrician for evaluation and clearance for other vaccines.
Information has been received from a healthcare provider concerning an approximately 9 month old (reported as 8 months and 30 days age) patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and concomitant therapy were not provided. On 21-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # K021950 with expiration date 10-NOV-2016, dose and route unspecified) and a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (lot # L019999 with expiration date 02-JUN-2017, dose and route unspecified) at the same visit (inappropriate schedule of vaccine administration). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This case was reported by a other health professional via call center representative and described the occurrence of fever in a 15-month-old female patient who received KINRIX (batch number T325H, expiry date 17th FEBRUARY 2017). Concomitant products included influenza vaccine, measles, mumps rubella and VARIVAX. On 29th OCTOBER 2015, the patient received the 1st dose of KINRIX (intramuscular) .5 ml. On 30th OCTOBER 2014, 1 days after receiving KINRIX, the patient experienced fever. On an unknown date, the patient experienced inappropriate age at vaccine administration. The patient was treated with Ibuprofen. On an unknown date, the outcome of the fever and inappropriate age at vaccine administration were unknown. It was unknown if the reporter considered the fever to be related to KINRIX. Additional details provided were as follows: The case was previously reported to a doctor. Prior receiving the vaccine, the patient's body temperature was 37.6 degree C. On 29th OCTOBER 2015, the patient received the 1st dose of KINRIX. After further investigation, the nurse notified that, the patient in advertently received the vaccine at an age of 15 months. This led up to an inappropriate age of vaccination. On the same day, the patient also concomitantly received other non-GSK vaccines, which included MMR, Flu and VARIVAX vaccines. On 30th OCTOBER 2015, 1 day after vaccination, the parent of child called the office and reported that the patent's body temperature was 99 to 100 degree F (37.2 to 37.8 degree F). The doctor told the patient's father to give the patient Ibuprofen. The reported lot number (T385H) for KINRIX vaccine did not exist and was updated to T325H according to sales database.
Fever x2d. Rash x 5d beginning 3 days after vaccines.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a 5 year old female patient. Information about concurrent conditions, medical history and concomitant medication was not provided. On 19-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot # J013315, expiration date 18-OCT-2015, albumin status rHA, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous in the left arm) (expired product administered). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information is not expected since there was no consent to contact physician.
36 hrs after vaccine parents noticed reddened area in (R) deltoid about 2x2 in, pain. Seen in office about 49 hrs after injection with warmth swelling in (R) deltoid 4 inch x 4 inch area. Pt has mild diarrhea x2 days.
PATIENT VACCINED 9/22/15, SHE REPORTS HAVING FELT GENERAL MALAISE IN THE DAYS FOLLOWING VACCINATION LEADING UP TO THE DAY SHE STATES SHE AWOKE WITH A RASH AND UPSET STOMACH. ON THE DAY SHE WENT TO THE URGENT CARE CENTER (10/1/15) SHE REPORTS HAVING HAD NAUSEA AND VOMITING ALONG WITH ITCHY RED PAPULES and VESICLES ON HER UPPER BACK AND TORSO. SHE WAS DIAGNOSED WITH CHICKEN POX AND WAS PRESCRIBED ACYCLOVIR 800MG PO Q4 HOURS FOR TEN DAYS AND ZOFRAN 4MG ONE TAB PO PRN. PATIENT REPORTS SYMPTOMS SUBSIDED WITHIN A WEEKS TIME.
Vaccinated on 11/2/15 - on 11/9/15 - mother noticed site of varicella to be dark red, warm to touch measuring - 3/4 inch by 5/8 inch (L) lateral thigh - child very playful and no temperature.
Right sided facial swelling, tongue swelling and difficulty talking.
Rash to (B) arms. Dx rash following immunizations. BENADRYL given. Strict ER warning also given.
This spontaneous report as received from nurse refers to a 45 year old female patient. There was no medical history for the patient. The patient was not allergic to any drugs. On 14-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (albumin status of rHA) (dosing details were not reported) lot# L009545 with an expiry date of 19-MAR-2017. Concomitant medications included unspecified birth control. On 28-OCT-2015, 15 days after vaccination patient broke out in a body wide measles like rash. Patient did not receive treatment for the event. Patient sought medical attention by making a call to physician's office. The outcome of event was reported as not recovered. The reporter did not provide the causality between the event and the suspect therapy. There was no product quality complaint. Additional information has been requested.
Baby taken to Emergency room after temperature was 105. ER temp was 104.8. Heart beat was 250. After IV fluids and Tylenol, fever and pulse lowered to 102. Rash followed 4 days later after fever gone.
First thing in the morning, my nose began to bleed very heavily.  It took about a half an hour before it stopped, and I had to be lying down.  I had to call in sick to work.
Gave Hep B immunization at 12 months well child visit. Mother authorized PENTACEL instead of routine Hep B vaccine. Pt asymptomatic at clinic. Pt on delayed immunization schedule. Mother aware of error. MD notified and spoke with mother.
Papules over entire body.
Fever, rash (all over body). Seizure.
Redness/soreness to left thigh on 10/27/15. Seen in office 10/28/15 with a 10cm x 7cm pink blanching slightly warm erythema left anterior medial area to inner thigh, non tender and no bright erythema. Advised to use BENADRYL, hydrocortisone cream and ice. Parents called next day with increase diameter redness, however redness/tenderness faded the night of 10/29/15.
Generalized red macular discrete lesion on face, arms, legs, abdomen, groin and back. No hives noted.
Visit 11/13/15 arm redness and swelling 5 1/2 x 3. Thickened red area in center of larger swollen area. Warm and tender to touch. Client states swelling began day 1 after vaccination in right arm. She received Tdap and flu shot. Unaffected arm received (left arm) Hep A and MMR. 11/13 saw Dr at office, no Rx - sent client to an urgent care for MD f/u if nec. Diagram of erythema 8 1/2 -> 11/16 called pt, states getting a little better, size smaller.
Large red, raised hive at injection site.  Hive is itchy and tender; otherwise I feel fine.
This spontaneous report as received from a certified medical assistant (C.M.A.) refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 06-AUG-2015, the patient received a dose of M-M-R II (lot#, expiration date, dose and route of administration were not reported) that was inadvertently reconstituted with improperly stored sterile diluent (dose one, lot# reported as L016272, expiration date 24-FEB-2018, dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
She sts that the  rash now involves both arms, elbows and involves abdomen all the way to pelvic area. She reports that she has no rash on her back and minimal if only rash on lower extremities.
Skin irritation, hives.
This spontaneous report as received from a certified medical assistant (C.M.A) refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 20-AUG-2015, the patient received a dose of M-M-R II (lot#, expiration date, dose and route of administration were not reported) that was inadvertently reconstituted with improperly stored sterile diluent (dose one, lot# reported as L016272, expiration date 24-FEB-2018, dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Eczema/rash noticed that morning, got worse over about 3/4 days, staying inflamed now. Same reaction to eating things that contain eggs.
Awoke with mild fever 2 days after vaccines given.  Awoke on 11/2 with rash on cheeks and trunk. To pediatrician who did not prescribe any treatment, only rest.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 29-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # L010488 with an expiration date on 26-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 08-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # L010488 with an expiration date on 26-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 04-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 26-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K009192 with an expiration date on 27-JUN-2016; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
Information has been received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 31-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II; (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several  reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 04-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II; (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 01-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 01-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 24-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # L010488 with an expiration date on 26-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report as received from a certified medical assistant (C.M.A.) refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 27-JUL-2015, the patient received a dose of M-M-R II (lot#, expiration date, dose and route of administration were not reported) that was inadvertently reconstituted with improperly stored sterile diluent (dose one, lot# reported as L016272, expiration date 24-FEB-2018, dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. ON 01-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
Information has been received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 29-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 31-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II, (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 02-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L009214, expiration 17-MAR-2017, dose and route were not reported) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 16-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L009214, expiration 17-MAR-2017, dose and route were not reported). No adverse effect was reported. This is one of several cases received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 12-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 15-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 22-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L007578 with an expiration date on 05-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
Rash.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 17-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K009192 with an expiration date on 27-JUN-2016; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 19-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K009192 with an expiration date on 27-JUN-2016; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 24-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose od M-M-R II (lot # K009192 with an expiration date on 27-JUN-2016; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
Rash which progressed to fussiness and hives.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. No pertinent or historical conditions were reported. On 15-OCT-2015 the patient was inadvertently administered a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # L002873, expiration date 27-JAN-2017, strength, dose and route unknown). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Pt had an episode of symptomatic hypoglycemia within one hr of receiving vaccines.
Fatigue, pale stool, abdominal pain, loss of appetite.
None stated.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 3 year old male patient. There were no pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies. On 16-NOV-2015, the patient received a delayed routine vaccination with one dose of M-M-R II (lot # L011528, expiration date 03-APR-2017, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous). There was no concomitant medication. Shortly after the vaccination on 16-NOV-2015, the patient developed an itchy tongue and two bug-bite like marks on his face. The patient was given TYLENOL and BENADRYL as treatment. Then shortly after administering the TYLENOL and BENADRYL, the patient developed swollen eyelids and was having difficulty breathing. He kept grunting like it was hard for him to breathe. EPIPEN was then used and the patient was taken to the hospital for further observation. The patient was not admitted to the hospital and was released at about 11:00 PM on that night. No lab diagnostics studies were performed. At the time of report, the patient's eyelids were still a little swollen but the other events were resolved (reported as otherwise he was good). The causality between the events and M-M-R II was unspecified. Upon internal review, the events were considered to be medically significant. Additional information has been requested.
9 x 9 1/2 erythematous rash area thigh (L) itchy increased warm.
Patient developed swollen, warm, reddened area about 10 minutes after vaccines given.  Advised mom to apply warm compress and monitor as well as give pt pain relief med once they get home.
Vomiting and fever on 11/15.  11/18 mouth hurting and sores in mouth.  11/19 rash all over. Saw MD.  Tested for strep.  R/O Hand/foot/mouth disease.  Not sure if a reaction to shots or not.
Red spots were first seen on the back of the neck at collar level. Upon closer inspection, red spots were noted all over trunk area including: back and chest areas. At the time rash was first noticed, rash spots were only on trunk, extremities appeared clear of spots. Child had slight fever earlier in the morning, but I did not take a temperature. As of current reporting date and time, 12:49 AM on 11-21-2015, child has red spots, rash, on tops of feet, hands, even on the palms, torso, legs, neck, back, scalp, face, ears, but very few on calves and shins, and none on the bottom of her feet. The areas of concentration, or large number of spots are the chest, back, neck, and face. No medication has been given as child appears to not be in pain or uncomfortable, just slightly more tired than usual.
Wheezing.
Generalized erythema rash with low grade fever. Symptomatic management of low grade fever and reassure parents.
(R) thigh - area of redness, warmth and tenderness measuring 10 x 8 cm.
Patient came to health dept on 11/12/15 and received MMR in right subcutaneous. MOC stated she wanted to only do one vaccine at a time. Child then seen at primary MD provider on 11/13/15 and received HBV, HAV, Dtap and IPV. The site of vaccination was not indicated on IZ record. Child began having symptoms on 11/15/15 of pain and swelling on upper left arm. On 11/16/16, child awoke with full hives/blisters. MOC took child to PCP, was prescribed Benadryl and Prednisone. MOC took child to ER to get second opinion. She stated she was told that it was a vaccine reaction, but MOC could not remember which vaccine they stated could have been the cause. Patient was prescribed Benadryl and Prednisone. Mother discontinued medication on 11/18/15 with the result that the rash recurred, looking like mosquito bites. Mother then began administering medication again. Child did not have a fever at any time during these events.
Received MMR vaccine (Merck lot #L007577) in left arm SQ on 11/6/15.  On 11/16/15 painful swelling of lymph nodes and sore red eyes, then on 11/18/15 rash on chest, neck and going up neck.
Morbilliform rash, fevers, fussiness, decreased oral intake.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a child of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. on 27-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of an improperly stored MMR II (lot # L010488 with an expiration date on 26-MAR-2017; dose and route of administration were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected because there was no consent for further contact.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse refers to a 5 year old patient of an unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not provided. On 10-NOV-2015, the patient inadvertently received concomitant doses (unspecified in series) of M-M-R II, subcutaneously injection, 0.5ml, lot # L009212 and expiration date 17-MAR-2017 and PROQUAD (Merck), subcutaneously injection, 0.5ml, lot # L008353 and expiration date 11-SEP-2016. There were no concomitant medications reported. The patient did not seek medical attention. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist, who refers to a patient of unknown age. Concurrent condition and medical history were not provided. On 15-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II that was reconstituted with an unspecified diluent (expiration date, lot #, dose, route of administration were not provided). Co-suspect therapies and concomitant therapies were not provided. No adverse events were reported. The reporter refers that product quality complaints were not involved. Additional information has been requested.
Mild itchy, red, raised rash, started the following morning on abdomen then spread covering body.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information on patient's medical history, concurrent conditions or concomitant medications was provided. On 18-NOV-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with the dose of M-M-R II injection, 0.1 ml, lot# reported as L024265 with expiration date 01-JUL-2017, intradermally. On an unspecified date in November 2015, the patient experienced redness around the wheal, which resolved after application of a cold compress (unspecified date in November 2015). The causality between the adverse events and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
10:45 AM on 11/4/15 - Patient had Grand Mal seizure activity for 2 minutes. Patient was postictal with confusion, lethargy, slurred and garbled speech until EMS arrived. Vitals 136/96, 108 pulse, Ox 100%, Blood sugar was 116 mg/dl.
Morbilliform rash at injection site.
Red circle at injection site. BENADRYL, Ibuprofen, ice, ZYRTEC. Fatigue, face flushed.
Pt developed widespread macular papular rash on her extremities and torso the next day after vaccination. Rash gets more pronounced when child gets hot or after bath. No sx of URI. No treatment advised.
10/30/15 I was notified by client's interpreter that client was pregnant.  Pregnancy tests on 09.25.15 and 10.09.15 were negative.  Pregnancy test 10.30.15 is positive.
Began with a fever, 101. Treated with Motrin, was very fussy and hot all night. Woke up on Thursday with a slight rash on her face, just small red dots. I figured it was a heat rash from the fever she'd had. The rash progressed through Thursday, into Friday where it worsened. Took her into our local hospitals pediatric unit, they said that it was a viral infection possibly from the vaccinations, possibly not. Its Saturday now and the symptoms seem to be getting worse, she is still very moody and has a bad facial rash, with small dots all over her body.
Fever severe rash that appeared like the measles and caused severe itching and discomfort. Doctor did not give any treatment.
Vomiting, diarrhea, weakness, low fever. Lasted 4 days resulting in weight loss.
Raise rashes scattered all over the body - given PRELONE 15mg/tsp 1/2 tsp BID x 5 days.
Very large welt on thigh rt leg. About 6-7 centimeters round hot to touch painful.
Client became pale several min. after administration upon standing. then fainted. Client states he does not like needles and did not eat lunch. After client awoke, approx 3 sec staff gave him some water and some food. Staff wanted to observe client longer but once client stated he felt better, parent/guardian wanted to leave. Client accompanied by guardian.
Slight fever, bumps/rash on entire body, swelling in the arms and hands, pain in the fingers of the arm where vaccine was given.
Information has been received from a healthcare worker referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 23-NOV-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with one expired dose of MMR II (lot # J014875, expiration date 21-NOV-2015, dose and route unknown). No adverse effects reported. No PQC was involved. Additional information has been requested.
Given expired vaccine for MMR  Exp date 11/21/15. No reaction or signs/symptoms.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to 8 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 03-NOV-2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of MMR II, lot # L009212 with expiration date 17-MAR-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided); which had been exposed to a cumulative of 10.9 C for 9 hours and 21 minutes. On the same date, an excursion of 8.6 C for 1 hour and 7 minutes occurred, with a cumulative of 10 hours and 28 minutes. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 04-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II, lot # reported as L019989 with expiration date 01-JUN-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided); with a cumulative of 10 hours and 28 minutes. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to 7 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 29-OCT-2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of MMR II, lot # L009212 with expiration date 17-MAR-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided); which had been exposed to a cumulative of 10.9 C for 7 hours and 28 minutes. On the same date, an excursion of 8.9 C for 1 hour and 9 minutes, brought the cumulative to 8 hours and 37 minutes. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to 2 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 27-OCT-2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of MMR II, lot # L015281 with expiration date 30-APR-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided); which were exposed to an additional 8.7 C for 1 hour and 22 minutes for cumulative of 10.9 C for 7 hours and 28 minutes. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 26-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, lot # L015281 with expiration date 30-APR-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided); which was exposed to 10.9 C for 6 hours and 6 minutes. No adverse effects had been reported. This is one of the several reports received form the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to 2 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 28-OCT-2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of MMR II, lot # L015281 with expiration date 30-APR-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided); which had been exposed to a cumulative of 10.9 C for 7 hours and 28 minutes. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 02-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II, lot # L009212 with expiration date 17-MAR-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided); which had been exposed to a cumulative to 8 hours and 37 minutes. On the same date, an excursion of 9.6 C for 44 minutes, brought the cumulative to 9 hours and 21 minutes. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to 5 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' pertinent medical history, concurrent conditions and drug reactions/allergies were not reported. On 22-OCT-2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of MMR II, lot # L015281 with expiration date 30-APR-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided); which were exposed to 10.9 C for 2 hours and 48 minutes. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 12 month old patient of unknown gender. No information regarding the patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On 20-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot # J010208, expiration date 23-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported) and VARIVAX (lot # J009987, expiration date 12-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). The dose of VARIVAX was expired. No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 16 month old patient of unknown gender. No information regarding the patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On 10-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot # J010208, expiration date 23-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported) and VARIVAX (lot # K002046, expiration date 10-FEB-2016, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). The dose of MMR II was expired. No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 20 month old patient of unknown gender. No information regarding the patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On 30-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot # J010208, expiration date 23-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported) and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot # J009987, expiration date 12-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 20 month old patient of unknown gender. No information regarding the patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications was provided. On 30-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot # J010208, expiration date 23-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported) and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot # J009987, expiration date 12-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 12 month old patient of unknown gender. No information regarding the patient's medical, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On 23-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot # J010208, expiration date 23-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported) and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot # J009987, expiration date 12-AUG-2015, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a Licensed practitioner nurse concerning to a 12 month old male patient with dermatitis. On 15-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with dose 1 of MMR II (Lot No. K026366, exp. 15-DEC-2016), 0.5 ml, subcutaneous. Concomitant therapies included hydrocortisone (manufacturer unknown). On 30-OCT-2015, the patient developed a rash at the injection site. The patient sought medical attention and was seen at the office on 05-NOV-2015 but no treatment was given. No laboratory test were performed. No intervention to prevent serious criteria was made. No cancer, disability, hospitalization nor life threatening were reported. The outcome of injection site rash was not reported. Relationship between rash at the injection site and therapy with MMR II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 14 month old patient of unknown gender. No information regarding the patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On 01-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of M-M-R II (lot # K000738, expiration date 16-JAN-2016, exact dose and route of administration were not reported) and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot # K002046, expiration date 10-FEB-2016, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 12 month old patient of unknown gender. No information regarding the patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On 21-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot # K000738, expiration date 16-JAN-2016, exact dose and route of administration were not reported) and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (lot # K002046, expiration date 10-FEB-2016, exact dose and route of administration were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 5 year old patient of unknown gender. No information regarding the patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On 10-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II (lot # K000255, expiration date 08-JAN-2016, exact dose and route of administration were not reported) and (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (lot # K002917, expiration date 26-FEB-2016, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional informational has been requested.
Gagging, vomiting.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, concomitant medication and medical history were not provided. Since 04-NOV-2015, on unspecified dates, the patients were vaccinated with unspecified doses of improperly stored MMR II (lot # K024825, expiry date 02-DEC-2016; lot # L012479, expiry date 10-APR-2017) (strength, dose and route were unspecified). No adverse effects had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Local reaction to left upper arm, 6x4cm erythema with 4x2cm target wheal.  Ice applied and advised to apply ice x24 hour. If s/s persist or worsen to return to HC.
Developed fever and rash.
Patient developed a rash.
After receving Varivax vaccine in left arm. Employee began feeling off within 3-4 hours.  Area below injection site red, warm to touch and swollen.  Has been applying cold compress to area.  Denies nausea, vomiting etc. Instructed to continue to apply compresses, apply topical Benadryl and take Benadryl po.
On 10/27/15, 16 month old F was brought to clinic for well child check. During visit, pt received immnizations for hepatitis B, MMR and varicella combined and pneumococcal conjugate vaccine 13-valent. Immunizations were administered without incident and pt was dischaged in stable conditoin. On 10/28, pt's mother called clinic and reported that after injections, pt developed a fever to 102 degrees and diarrhea. LPN advised that these were labeled possible side effects. MD notified and documented It is possible that this infant is developing early symptoms of varicella, as she has been exposed. Recommend supportive care, patient may see us or her regular pediatrician if worsening or persistent concerns. Event reported to VAERS.
This spontaneous report as received from a licensed practical nurse refers to a patient of unknown demographics. On 16-FEB-2015, the patient received the second dose of MMR II. The nurse reported that on 16-NOV-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered a third dose of MMR II. No adverse effects reported. The outcome was unknown. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
Within 2 min of vaccine administration, broke out in hives on face - no wheezing - oximetry 99 - gave BENADRYL - no progression of hives - consulted allergist by phone who recommended holding off on EPIPEN JR since rash only on face. Monitored for 90 min in office. Total clearing of rash and lip swelling. Will f/u w/ allergist next week.
(L) high red and tender 2.75 cm area of redness on ant. (L) thigh, deeper 1 cm nodule.
Patient became fussy and had a temp of 101. I administered Tylenol and help him while he slept because he would not sleep alone as he normally does. Highest temp was 102.4. He dropped the fever on 12/03/14. After the fever went away his posterior and anterior torso and neck broke into a concentrated small red bumps and his skin turned a bit jaundice. The rash spread from the bottom of his butt to his hairline (posterior) and his pubic bone to his chin. He had diarrhea from 12/02-12/06. Still sick. Wanted to file this report before it ended.
Fever of 102 degrees, followed by a red rash that appeared to be the rubella rash.
Patient came in 11/20/15, two days after vaccine admin. Back of arm had red hot patch of skin (diameter of about 3 x 3). Suggested patient apply heat and to notify if symptoms worsen.
Rash on legs. Gradually spread all over trunk and limbs. 11-30-15 - mom was called rash was completely gone by 11-25-15.
Pt was in office for 1 yr well check. MMR and MMRV were both administered at this visit. Nurse recognized error while logging vaccines into EMR. Mom notified the following day and informed of possible reactions to watch for. Understanding was voiced. No adverse reactions reported thus far.
Dec 5th - Hives (L) thigh. Both facial cheeks, took to urgent care-Loratadine, prednisone started at 830 pm. Dec 6th - hives on both arms and (R) leg, took to hospital was given BENADRYL and continue with other tx and BENADRYL as needed.
Fluid-filled blister (1 mm) noted on lateral aspect of patient's Left thigh.
Forty eight hours after receiving vaccine, pt broke out in hives on her legs. Mother reports red, raised spots in the area where her shots were given. A couple days later, pt was irritable and itching the rash. One week post vaccines, pt has bumps where the vaccines were given, itching, redness, and hives are no longer there.
Employee recieved pre-employment vaccine on 12/4/15, reports symptoms began as soon as she woke up on 12/5/15 of severe vertigo, nausea, and headache.
Rash.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (Lot # K024036, expiration date 26-NOV-2015) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Pt had vaccines and acted fine, stable, walked out of clinic. Mom denied fever stating, he ate dinner and slept fine last night. Mom said next day he was crying, held his breath, passed out and then had a seizure for 30 sec. Mother states he vomited on way to clinic. was placed on O2 and monitored. Mom states pt had a cold prior to vaccines w/croupy cough.
HYPEREMIC MACULAR RASH ON FACE, TORSO (FRONT AND BACK).
Fever at 17:00 of 100.6.  Seizure lasting up to 5 minutes at 17:30.  Generalized tonic-clonic seizure.
Cluster of small erythematous papules R upper chest and RUE lateral to axilla, worsened over next week with extension down R upper arm.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified Medical Assistant referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (Lot # K024036, expiration date 26-NOV-2016) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received form the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Noticed right hand swelling up and middle and ring finger slightly tingling.
This spontaneous report was received from a medical assistant referring to a 9 month old patient of unknown gender, whom concurrent condition and medical history were not provided. On 24-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (concentration, route of administration, dose number, site of administration and duration were not provided). On 28-NOV-2015, the patient was inadvertently vaccinated with a second dose of M-M-R II (concentration, route of administration, dose number, site of administration and duration were not provided). At the time of the report, no adverse effect was reported. Additional information has been requested.
Hives and red rash surrounding injection sites and torso, followed by difficulty breathing.
Erythmatic, painful, swollen arm near injection site--Left Arm.
Swelling, pain, redness at injection site, vomiting, malaise.
Swelling of upper arm, redness of upper arm, itching, bruising, lasted 3 weeks. Took BENADRYL - didn't work.
Localized reaction to varicella vaccine about 5 minutes after injection. Localized redness and hives spreading throughout body. BENADRYL administered and hives greatly improved.
Fever began around 10am. Motrin was given. Fever persisted until Thursday evening and remained low grade 100F & under. Rash began Wednesday evening & became progressively worse through the week. It actually looks like the measles. Fever broke Friday night.
Erythema - raised area left upper deltoid at injection site - local reaction advised routine NSAIDS. Ice pack applied.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician refers to a multiple unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' concurrent conditions and medical history were not provided. On an unspecified dates, from 12-NOV-2015 thru 30-NOV-2015, the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II, lot # L010488 and expiration date 26-MAR-2017, (dose, route of administration and anatomical location were not provided). There were no concomitant medications provided. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality issue involved. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant, referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (Lot # K024036, expiration date 26-NOV-2016) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Chicken pox-vesicular rash (itchy), decreased intake. Had vaccine on 12/9/15.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 04-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of expired M-M-R II lot # J014876, expiration date: 21-NOV-2015, (dose, dose #, route and application site were not reported). No adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
Reddened area to most of right thigh. Had fever over weekend, was seen in the ER. Given instructions to apply ice and rotate Ibuprofen and TYLENOL for fever.
Mother states the patient was vaccinated on Dec-7-2015 at 8:34 AM with KINRIX Rt arm. MMR in the left arm, Varicella Left arm. Today, Dec-8-2015 presents with redness, swelling on Rt arm.
Scattered popular-vesicular eruptions on face, upper extremities. Faded appearing papules on lower extremities; Solitary erythematous popular lesion on left palm.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse practitioner and refers to a 32 year old female patient. It was reported that the patient had drug reactions/ allergies to LEVAQUIN (experienced tongue swelling after it) and Sulfa (described as hives and itching). The patient's historical condition included delivery (date not reported). No information regarding the patient's concomitant medications was provided. On 09-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # reported as K016444 is non-valid, expiration date 10-JUL-2017), 0.5 ml, subcutaneously, therapy reason for use was reported as low titers for rubella postpartum. On the same day, the patient developed tingling in her mouth and tongue swelling after she received the vaccine. When the nurse practitioner learned that the patient was experiencing an allergic reaction that could progress to a life-threatening condition, the patient was immediately administered with BENADRYL. No lab diagnostic studies were performed. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. The outcome of the event was reported as recovered on 09-NOV-2015, while the patient was still in the reporter's practice. The patient was then allowed to go home on the same day. The relatedness between the event and M-M-R II was not reported. Upon internal review, the allergic reaction was considered to be medically significant as it required an intervention to prevent worsening to life threatening condition. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 18-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017)(dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant, referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 24-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (Lot # K024036, expiration date 26-NOV-2016) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Pt called Monday 12/7/15 re below. Received MMR on 12/4/15 noon and pt went to work and on the evening pt developed increased pain on both legs and unable to walk and continue on Saturday; Sunday AM leg pain decreased but developed pain on both arms and chest discomfort and dry cough, no rashes, no fever. Instr to go to ER for further evaluation. No egg allergy.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant, referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 19-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (Lot # K024036, expiration date 26-NOV-2016) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a physician referring to a 12 month old male patient. There were no pertinent medical history or drug reaction/allergies. On 02-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot # K024825, expiration date 02-DEC-2016, dose and route not provided), (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (lot# L013824, expiration date 21-APR-2017, dose and route not provided), HAVRIX (manufacture unknown, dose, lot number and route not provided) and FLUZONE (manufacture unknown, dose, lot number and route not provided). The physician stated the patient was seen in the office on 08-DEC-2015 because of a fever of 102F and a rash on his abdomen. The physician stated the patient was seen again on 10-NOV-2015 and the patient still had a 102F but now the rash all over his body, his face and chest were bright red like a sunburn, and the rest of his body, back, arms and legs, had a macular, papular rash that was very measles like and his feet appeared red and swollen. The physician stated that on 10-NOV-2015 it was also noted that the patient developed otitis media in the right ear. The physician stated she prescribed amoxicillin (manufacturer unspecified) for the otitis media. There were no diagnostics lab studies performed. The physician stated the patient's mother called the office on 13-NOV-2015 to report that the patient's fever had resolved but the rash on his face was scabbing over (although the physician stated, the facial rash was never open or draining when the patient was in the office). Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant, referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 19-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (Lot # 1003855, expiration date 05-FEB-2017) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant, referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 19-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (Lot # K024036, expiration date 26-NOV-2016) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Expired vaccine given - no adverse reactions reported.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 18-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from  physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 26-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patent of unknown age and gender. On 20-AUG-2015, the patient as vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 21-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 21-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M- R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 form 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information  to complete the case was received.
Had imms. 12/14 evening, 12/15 tmp to 103, seen 12/16 noon for (L) upper arm erythema/swelling, axillary nodes. DTAP upper, MMR lower upper arm, bone sites involved, none (R) arm.
Evening of 12/5 he felt hot with chills, rhinorrhea and cough.  On 12/6/2015 he had an episode of acute SOB/chest tightness/cough with O2 sat 77%.  Complete recovery in ED with SABA treatment and steroid.  No history of asthma.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (Lot # K024036, expiration date 26-NOV-2016) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 08-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 04-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 21-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 28-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 28-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 09-NOV-2015, the patient was either vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # L009214, expiry date 17-MAR-2017) or GARDASIL 9 (lot no# L013429, expiry date: 21-JUL-2017) (incorrect product storage). Concomitant medication of the patient was unknown. No other adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the incorrect product storage was unknown. No product quality complaint was reported. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 09-NOV-2015, the patient was either vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # L009214, expiry date 17-MAR-2017) or  GARDASIL 9  (Lot no # L013429, expiry date: 21-JUL-2017) (incorrect product storage). Concomitant medication of the patient was unknown. No other adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the incorrect product storage was unknown. No product quality complaint was reported. The is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No medical history and concurrent conditions were reported. On 09-NOV-2015, the patient was either vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (lot# L009214, expiry date 17-MAR-2017) or GARDASIL 9 (Lot no # L013429, expiry date: 21-JUL-2017). Concomitant medication of the patient was unknown. No other adverse effects were reported. The outcome of the incorrect product storage was unknown. No product quality complaint was reported. This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Rash - noted in the AM as dozens of discrete erythematous lesions, then spread/consolidated diffusely.  This evolved over the next days.  Lesions were stable and somewhat pruritic.  None vesicular. As of today (12/17), it is slowly resolving.
Given varicella, Hepatitis A, and MMR vaccines as 1 year immunizations.  Zostavax was given also.
Right upper arm redness and swelling at injection site. Cool Compress and pain reliever given by mother.
Patient's father called at 1:15pm asking to speak to a nurse. Reports his daughter received vaccines yesterday and now is unable to move her leg. He reports she is in pain and is unable to walk. No additional s/s reported. Nurse informs parent to take  patient to the emergency room immediately.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant, referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient concurrent condition and medical history were unknown. On 20-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (Lot # 1003855, expiration date 05-FEB-2017) (dose, administration route and anatomical site of administration were unknown). No concomitant therapies or adverse events were reported. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Whole body rash and fever.
Cold Symptoms that lead to Roseola.
Onset date is first observed date. Subject develops rash (red dots) around mouth while eating certain previously safe foods. With continued consumption of the problem foods, rash spreads across the face. Subject also displays unusual aversion to some of the problem foods. Rash begins within a few minutes of ingestion and gradually fades over hours. With repeated ingestion red marks remain on face for days. Two professional feeding therapists were first to notice the rash on the given date, and also had never observed subject to develop a rash prior to the vaccination (despite close contact over many months). Rash continues to appear more than a half year after first onset. On advice of GI doctor, most symptomatic foods are now avoided. Most reactive foods include common staples such as chicken, potatoes, apples, and various other fruits and vegetables, causing significant negative impact on subject's food intake variety.
Client broke out in head to toe rash with raised bumps. Was diagnosed with measles 12-12-15.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 10-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 11-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 11-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 14-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 14-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 14-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 17-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 18-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
15 months old admitted to Hospital on 12/18/15 with a four-day history of vomiting, diarrhea and a 2 day history of abdominal distention.  On admission had ascites, elevated liver enzymes and elevated LDH.  Child is still in in the hospital and is improving. Pediatric gastroenterologist diagnosis is most likely post infectious enteritis.
Swollen lymph nodes, rash in face, neck, back and stomach. Malaise body ache, ears ringing, swollen face, arms, and hands with fever Tylenol for pain, Benadryl for rash and steroids for inflammation.
Urticaria torso and upper extremities.
12/10/15 client and daughter walked in to PH office. Daughter was reported changes with vision that she thought was due to LTBI meds. While reporting this, daughter translated that her mother had history of November immunization at public health clinic and felt ill day after vaccination. Lasted two -three days weak, dizziness, pain above and below eyes. No yellowing in eyes. No redness or drainage noted. No secretion in nares. No cough BP 126/84. Daughter had called Dr who did not think it was medicine but advised to hold until 12/14. Consulted by phone. Attempted to make clinic appt as generally unwell and uninsured. No appts today. Daughter works tomorrow but off Monday. PHN will work to get clinic Monday if still unwell. Will enter in VAERS for last immunizations.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 02-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMR II (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to two patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies and concomitant medications were not reported. On 10-DEC-2015, the patients were inadvertently vaccinated with expired doses of MMRII (lot # J014872, expiry date 21-NOV-2015; dose and route were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 21-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 24-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 07-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 14-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K024036 exp 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 15-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 21-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 29-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 03-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 12-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 10-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 05-NOV-2015. the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016)(dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10/75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 06-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8  F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 07-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 08-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 07-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 29-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 28-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 27-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 26-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 26-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 19-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 01-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 30-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L001336, expiration date 13-JAN-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L001336, expiration date 13-JAN-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 18-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L001336, expiration date 13-JAN-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L001336, expiration date 13-JAN-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 24-SEP-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # L003855 exp date 05-FEB-2017) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 16-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 16-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 18-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature (incorrect product storage). No adverse experienced had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 11-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 12-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 11-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 10-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 09-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 06-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature (incorrect product storage). No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L001336, expiration date 13-JAN-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. Information regarding relevant medical history and concurrent condition were not reported. On 04-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMRII (lot # L012479, expiration date 10-APR-2017, dose and route not reported), which was exposed to temperatures outside of the recommended temperature. No adverse experience had been reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a licensed vocational nurse refers to a 16 year old male patient. The patient had no illness at time of vaccination. No information on patient's medical history or concomitant medications was provided. On 17-AUG-2015 at 2:52 p.m., the patient was vaccinated with the second dose (reported as #1 given elsewhere) of VARIVAX (subcutaneously, in left arm, lot # L010145; dose and expiration date were not reported) that was improperly stored. On 17-AUG-2015 at 2:52 p.m., the patient was also concomitantly vaccinated with the second dose of ENGERIX B (intramuscularly, in left arm, lot # 33705; dose and expiration date were not reported), MMR II (albumin status rHA, subcutaneously, in right arm, lot # K006141; dose and expiration date were not reported) and IPOL (intramuscularly, in right arm, lot # K16941; dose and expiration date were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all correspondence was received.
Cough, runny nose, rash covering body.
Generalized rash and itching.
Patient had 11cm x 7 cm red, itchy, indurated area surrounding injection site on left arm.
Projectile vomiting during sleep, after eating or drinking anything, including water. Child has not vomited again as of 12:00pm 12/24/2015. Child vomited a total 9 times in 10 hours.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information about the patient's medical history or concurrent conditions were reported. On 17-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored dose of MMR II lot # L000459, expiry date 06-JAN-2017, therapy type rHA (dose and route of administration were not provided). The vaccine was stored in temperature 46.8 F for 15 hours. No concomitant therapies were reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information about the patient's medical history or concurrent conditions were not reported. On 10-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored dose of M-M-R II lot # L000459, expiry date 06-JAN-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided). The vaccine was stored in temperature 46.F for 15 hours. No concomitant therapies were reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. No information about the patient's medical history or concurrent conditions were reported. On 09-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored dose of MMRII lot # L000459, expiry date 06-JAN-2017, (dose and route of administration were not provided). The vaccine was stored in temperature 46.8 F for 15 hours. No concomitant therapies were reported. No adverse effects were reported. This is one of several cases from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 16-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly store dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 16-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly store dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly store dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 09-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly store dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 05-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician's assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 05-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (lot # K024036 exp date 26-NOV-2016) (dose and route not reported). The temperature excursion was 53.8 F for 10.75 hours from 17-AUG-2015 to 06-NOV-2015. No adverse event was reported. This is one of several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all follow up information to complete the case was received.
Mother bought pt to office for a rash that was present over entire body including face and neck. No fever or other symptoms reported. PCP confirmed that rash was consist ant with post-vaccination reaction to one of the live-virus vaccines (MMR/Varicella).
This spontaneous report as received from a registered nurse refers to an unspecified number of patients of unknown age and gender. The patients' medical history, concurrent condition and concomitant medication were not reported. On 14-NOV-2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of M-M-R II, lot # L020189, expiry date: 03-JUN-2017 (dose and route of administration were not reported). The nurse reported that the doses had been reconstituted with sodium chloride instead of sterile water diluent. She stated that the sodium chloride diluent was manufactured by Sanofi and there was 0.6 ml in each dose of diluent. No adverse events were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a medical assistant refers to a patient of an unknown gender and age. The patient's concurrent conditions, medical history and concomitant therapy were not reported. On 08-DEC-2015, the patient was inadvertently administered an expired dose of M-M-R II, lot# J014873, expiration date: 21-NOV-2015 (dose and route of administration were not reported). There was no adverse effect reported. Additional information has been requested.
Patient received her nasal Flumist on 12/7/15 at our flu clinic. She returned for her 5 year check-up on 12/16/15 and was given her MMR and Varicella.
Information has been received from a licensed practical nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about the patient's medical history and concomitant therapy. On 05-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II (lot # J014876 with expiration date on 21-NOV-2015, dose and route unknown) (expired product administered). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
Local hives, swelling, and redness to injection site of right anterolateral thigh.
After getting vaccine my child fell asleep and I drove around to let him sleep for about 1 hour when I got home I noticed my child had a red raised rash on the lateral side of his left face mostly around the eye. It then seemed to get worse we then called his doctors office and poison control after another hour the rash resolved.
Patient developed approximately 100 lesions across his body, including legs, hands, mouth, and genitals. Most were small, but a few were 1/2 inch in diameter. He also had a low-grade Fever that lasted for 4 days.
Swollen, tender injection site. Headache. Muscle aches. Tender armpit.
Itching, redness, swelling greater than half dollar size, hot to touch.
Patient became light headed.
On 12/24 Noticed a rash from head to toe. 12/25 nauseous, fever 101 degrees oral. Vomit x 1, rash present swelling around eyes, red eyes, sore throat. 12/26 nauseous, rash. 12/27 nauseous, rash - started BENADRYL 25 mg 1 tab BID. 12/28 BENADRYL 25 mg 1 tab BID - rash slowly resolving 12/29. Rash lessening. Reported to employee health.
Patient developed a raised rash throughout body on day 10 after receiving vaccine.
Redness and swelling to Lt. arm.
Extremely swollen parotid glands, fever, headache, malaise, loss of appetite.
102.3 Fever (lasted 2 days). 1/1/2016 Rash on trunk and face.
Slight tickle in the back of the throat, escaladed to a cough/cold. Treated with vitamin C and Mucinex DM. Six weeks later and still hasn't gotten better. Saw my PCP on 12/31/15 at 9am. No other treatments were given than what I've already been doing.
Hard red swelling at injection site.  Mild rash on chest and abdomen.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 08-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L009544, expiration date: 19-MAR-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 17-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L020189, expiration date: 03-JUN-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 24-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a healthcare worker refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 21-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with expired first dose M-M-R II lot # J013131 and expiry date of 17-OCT-2015 (unknown route and dose). No adverse symptoms were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 20-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 08-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 03-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 09-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 08-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L009544, expiration date: 19-MAR-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 10-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 18-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 09-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L009544, expiration date: 19-MAR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 05-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). NO adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 17-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effect reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 10-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2014 (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 17-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L008684, expiration date: 13-MAR-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 04-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a licensed practical nurse refers to a multiple unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. No information on patients' medical history, concurrent conditions or concomitant medications was provided. On an unspecified dates in July 2015, the patients were vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II injection (dose, lot# and expiration date were not provided). No adverse effects were reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a other reporter, only two doses of VARIVAX (Merck) were used on two patients. This case refers to a 4 year old female patient. On 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM, the patient was vaccinated with first dose of improperly stored dose of VARIVAX (Merck) lot # K005428, expiry date 15-APR-2016, in the right leg (thigh), at private doctor's office using private funds. Other vaccines given within four weeks were PENTACEL, lot # C4877AA, fourth dose, in the left thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM; PREVENAR 13, lot # L99262, third dose, in the left thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM; Hepatitis A virus vaccine (unspecified), lot # L023936, first dose, in the left thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM; influenza virus vaccine (unspecified), lot # UI450AD, second dose, in the right thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM; and M-M-R II, lot # K005431, first dose, in the right thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM. This is one of three reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist and refers to an unspecified patient of unknown age and gender. No information regarding the patient's medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant therapies was provided. On 16-DEC2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (lot #, expiration date, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). On 18-DEC-2015, the patient accidentally received the second dose of MMR II (lot #, expiration date, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). No adverse effect was reported. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to 3 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patients' concomitant medications and pertinent medical history reported. On 06-SEP-2015, one unspecified patient was vaccinated with improperly MMRII lot # L001336, expiry date 13-JAN-2017 (route and site of administration, dose were not reported). On 11-SEP-2015, two unspecified patients were vaccinated with doses of improperly stored MMRII lot #L001336, expiry date 13-JAN-2017 (routes and sites of administration, doses were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Therapy type of MMRII was determined to be rHA (recombinant human albumin). Follow-up information was received on 07-DEC-2015, that all telephone attempts to obtain follow-up information have been unsuccessful. Follow-up information has been received on 08-DEC-2015 from the reporting nurse. She reported that she would have to research the request made for patient identifiers, lot number and expiration date and dates of vaccination. Follow up information has been received from nurse on 14-DEC-2015. This case concerns a 16 year old patient of unknown gender. On 11-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMRII. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to 3 unspecified patients of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patients' concomitant medications and pertinent medical history provided. On 06-SEP-2015, one unspecified patient was  vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored MMRII lot # L001336, expiry date 13-JAN-2017 (route and site of administration, dose were not reported). On 11-SEP-2015, two unspecified patients were vaccinated with doses of improperly stored MMRII lot # L001336, expiry date 13-JAN-2017 (routes and sites of administration, doses were not reported). No adverse effects were reported. Therapy type of MMRII was determined to be rHA (recombinant human albumin). Follow-up information was received on 07-DEC-2015, that all telephone attempts to obtain follow-up information have been unsuccessful. Follow-up information has been received on 08-DEC-2015 from the reporting nurse. She reported that she would have to research the request made for patient identifiers, lot number and expiration date and dates of vaccination. Follow up information has been received from nurse on 14-DEC-2015. This case concerns a 15 year old patient of unknown gender. On 11-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMRII. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Rash on back, chest, arms, one on head.
Fever x 3 days last week. Rash started yesterday fine/pink generalized rash on trunk possible roseola infantum.
FEVER, BODY ACHES AND CHICKENPOX.
Fatigue, weakness, nausea, dry heaves, sore neck, myalgias.
This spontaneous report as received from a Medical Assistant refers to a 3 patients of unknown age and gender. Medical history and concurrent conditions were not provided. On 12-MAY-2015, the patients were vaccinated with doses of improperly stored (exposed to 47 degrees F for 34.5 hours on 07-MAY-2015) MMRII (dose and route were not reported) lot # J008533, expiration date: 12-JUL-2015. There was no adverse reactions report or PQC involved. There was no concomitant medication provided. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 10-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 08-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L009544, expiration date: 19-MAR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 03-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 03-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 04-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored doses of MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 03-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 17-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L024264, expiration date: 01-JUL-201). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 03-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017 (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 19-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored MMR II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 01-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 03-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 28-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 30-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 30-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 27-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 01-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 18-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L008684, expiration date: 13-MAR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 29-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 17-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L008684, expiration date: 13-MAR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 17-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 20-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 18-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 19-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 21-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 20-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 21-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 21-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 20-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 21-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 21-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 24-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 27-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot #L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 27-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several report from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 27-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 28-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 27-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 27-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 27-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 30-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 18-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L008684, expiration date: 13-MAR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 09-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Syncope resulted immediately after vaccination, lasted 5 seconds. Then seizure activity (decerebrate/decorticate movements of limbs) for 5 seconds. Nausea afterwards, pallor, weakness and dizziness. Resolved after 10 minutes of rest, juice and crackers.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 11-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 10-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 27-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 25-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 21-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 23-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 19-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L023385, expiration date: 25-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 08-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 03-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 08-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 09-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 09-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 19-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L020189, expiration date: 03-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 01-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 18-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L020189, expiration date: 03-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 04-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 18-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L020189, expiration date: 03-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 05-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 04-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse and refers to a patient of an unknown gender and age. The patient's concurrent conditions, medical history and concomitant therapy were not reported. On 16-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II. lot# j014875, expiration date: 21-NOV-2015 (dose and route of administration were not reported). There were no adverse effects reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 17-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L020189, expiration date: 03-JUN-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 05-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 28-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 11-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 09-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 08-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 05-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 08-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 07-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 02-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (Incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 30-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012482, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report has been received from a pharmacist referring to a patient of unknown age. On 10-DEC-2015 the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored M-M-R II (dose and route not reported, lot # L012479, expiration date: 10-APR-2017) (incorrect product storage). No adverse effects reported. This is one of several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse practitioner regarding a 13 month old patient of unknown gender. The patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. The nurse reported that on 15-DEC-2015, the patient received a dose of M-M-R II (lot # L024266, expiry date 01-JUL-2017, therapy type unknown) and a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (lot # L029467; expiry date 06-AUG-2017), dose, route unknown. On 22-DEC-2015, the same patient returned to physician's office and received a dose of M-M-R II (lot # L024266, expiry date 01-JUL-2017) and a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (lot # L029466; expiry date 06-AUG-2017). Concomitant medications were not reported. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint was not filed. Additional information has been requested.
Mother states child cry a lot and was irritable for 1 week post vaccination.
Start of fever of 102 on 11/20/15, shaky movements in arms started on 11/22/15 and mother noticed he was having difficulty walking (looked drunk), was fully alert, worse when he would wake up from sleeping, would get better as day progressed, fever continued Mon-Thurs, decreased appetite. Parents noticed hands were shaking with feeding himself.  Went to ER 11/28/15, CT brain negative, dx with probable acute cerebellar ataxia.
During/after vaccination patent screamed and cried very loudly triggering, breath-holding spell and subsequent fainting.
Hives at site of MMR vaccine and on back 5 minutes after vaccine given.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to a female patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 03-DEC-2015, patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (strength, dose and route were not provided) lot # L011528 and expiration date 03-APR-2017, that were improperly storage. No concomitant medications was reported. Symptoms were reported. No product quality complain was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse referring to a female patient of unknown age and gender. Concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 03-DEC-2015, patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (strength, dose and route were not provided) lot # L011528 and expiration date 03-APR-2017, that were improperly storaged. No concomitant medications was reported. Symptoms Were Reported. No product quality complain was involved. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Red bumps/rash covering legs. Next day (1/9/16) spread to arms with fever, cough, runny nose, lack of appetite, fatigue. 1/11/16, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura shows up on legs, arms, and face and continuation of all other symptoms.
Itching, redness, swelling at injection site. Indicates at the Clinic evaluation that she has an Epi-Pen for possible allergen to ibuprofen or food allergen several weeks prior.
20-50 papular lesion 10/11 days post vaccinations.
Large welt at site of injection that is warm to the touch, painful, and red. Pt states she is nausea.
Possible reaction to Varicella injection. Site of injection is red, hard to the touch, warm to the touch, itchy and redness is spreading.
This spontaneous report has been received from a Licensed Practical Nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not provided. On 30-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of M-M-R II subcutaneous injection (lot # J016234 and expiration date on 19-DEC-2015) (strength, dose, frequency) were not reported. There was no concomitant medication reported. The nurse reported that there was not known adverse effects. Additional information has been requested.
Per mom had a febrile seizure.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. On 13-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with improperly stored (Oka-Merck) PROQUAD lot # K02766, expiry date 08-JUN-2015. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Per health department, symptoms include: rash, muscle spasms (mostly in torso), cannot lie flat due to facial and neck swelling, trouble breathing, facial migraine, low physical exertion tolerance, increased heart rate, nausea, lightheaded, intolerance to heat.
This spontaneous report was received from a register nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender, whose concurrent conditions and medical history were not reported. On 29-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with his/her first dose of MMR II (route, anatomical site of vaccination, lot number and expiration date were not provided) indicated, later on 19-DEC-2015, the patient received his/her second dose of MMR II (route, anatomical site of vaccination, lot number and expiration date were not provided). It was reported that the doses were given too close together; they were not 28 days apart. No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complaint was involved. Additional information has been requested.
Pimple in right thigh area a week ago. Last night more red. Tender today. Due to location likely MMR or Varivax location - in SQ location. Given 10 days of Keflex to treat for cellulitis beginning 1/12/2016.
Body aches, night sweats, enlarged lymph nodes, bloody nose.
Broke out in a rash 12/14/15.
Fever, swelling of crotch, very painful in crotch area, big bump in crotch area, rashes in trunk area, rashes on leg, itchy, irritable, fatigue, bumps along inguinal area (marble like), lasted for 3 weeks.
Right testicle and perineal pain, fever/chills, myalgias, h/a.
Child stood still.  Child's eyes went back into her head.  Seizure lasted about 25 seconds.  Doctor said to watch for reoccurrence.
Imms given 11/30 symptoms began on 12/1. They lasted until approximately 12/2. Patient was noted to be fussy, crying with red face and febrile up to 105.2. Mom reported use of antipyretic meds (ibuprofen and acetaminophen). There was no injection site reaction noted except bruising (no nodules, rash). Patient's mom instructed to bring baby in to ED/UC for evaluation but did not. Symptoms self resolved.
Oth complications following immunization NEC, init on 2015-06-29.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 03-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K021151, expiry date 02-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site, dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A. was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A. will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist referring to a 26 year old male patient. The patient's historical drugs included a dose of MMRII when he was a child (dates unspecified). On an unspecified date in November 2015, the patient was vaccinated with a booster dose of M-M-R II (HSA) injection (dose, route, anatomical location and lot # were unspecified). There was no concomitant medication described. On an unknown date, the pharmacist noted that the patient had titers drawn for measles, mumps and rubella at four and six weeks after the administration of M-M-R II, and the titers were undetectable. No product quality issue was informed. At the time of this report, the outcome of undetectable titers was unknown. The relatedness between the event and suspect therapy was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
Rash noticed on right leg (1/28/16) - three clusters of papulovesicular lesions in a dermatomal distribution on her right lower leg consistent with shingles.
Severe rash started from the area near the vaccinated site then spread all over the body. The child is still suffering from severe and daily life interesting rash all over the body from head to toe as of today (2/5/2015).
Lump on leg. Suspected vaccination granuloma. Appeared approx 2 weeks post vaccination. Still present today 2/15/2016. Lump non painful, size of a quarter.
My daughter developed a high fever that I couldn't reduce for about 5 to 6 days.  She maintained a 103 to 104 to 105 temperature.
Patient had 3 hives when they arrived home. As time went on he had hives on chest and side. Belly covered after 1.5 hrs.
Received varicella vaccine on 11/3/15, presented with rash on 11/23/15. VZV DFA positive for VZV. Treated with valacyclovir, resolved. Prior to this, he was removed from all immunosuppression for a full years time, and CD4 count was >1000 prior to vaccination with live vaccine.
Patient broke out in hives on 11/21/15 after MMR and Varicella given on 11/18/15. Influenza PF also given on 11/18/15. (12 months).
Adverse effect of vaccines and biological substances, init on 2015-12-11.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 03-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K021151, expiry date 02-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site, dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 12 month old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 11-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K021151, expiry date 02-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site, dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 30-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K024035, expiry date 26-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site, dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 23-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K021151, expiry date 02-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site, dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 16-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K021151, expiry date 02-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site, dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A. was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 17-DEC-3025, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K021151, expiry date 02-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site, dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A. was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 3 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 23-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K021151, expiry date 02-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site. dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A. was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A. will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a healthcare worker and refers to a 4 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions, past medical history were not reported. On 30-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored M-M-R II (lot # K024035, expiry date 26-NOV-2016, dose, strength, vaccination site, dose number unspecified). Concomitant medications were not provided. No adverse effects were reported. Product quality complaint (PQC) was not reported. On 26-JAN-2016, a phone call was placed to the physician. The physician was unavailable at the time of call. The phone call was transferred to the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA). The C.M.A was unable to place specific lot numbers for each of the reported vaccines that experienced a temperature excursion; M-M-R II, ROTATEQ and VAQTA, with the information already supplied for patient identifiers, date of birth and date of vaccination, at this time. The C.M.A will need to review the records. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician referring to a 4 month old female patient. No concurrent or historical conditions were reported. On 24-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23 (lot # L012521, expiration date February 2017), 0.5 ml, intramuscular in the left thigh (Inappropriate schedule of vaccine administered) and on the same day the patient was also vaccinated with M-M-R II (Lot # K004948, expiration date 04-APR-2016), 0.5 ml, subcutaneous in the left thigh, instead of PREVNAR (wrong vaccine administered). No concomitant medications were provided. No adverse effects were reported. Additional information is not expected as the physician did not want to be contacted regarding the report because the patient was not longer with her practice.
This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse refers to an unspecified patient of unknown age and gender. Medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were not reported. On 08-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II, (lot #, expiry date and route of administration not reported). On an unknown date, the patient experienced redness, rash, a low grade fever for two days, and dots on his face after administration of MMR II. The outcome of the events was unknown. Causality assessment was not provided. No product quality complaint (PQC) was reported. No further information was provided. This is one of three reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Skin rash, rash, erythema multiforme, urticarial pruritus and edema.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 16-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II recombinant human albumin (rHA) status (lot# L009213, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). On 16-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with another improperly stored dose of M-M-R II recombinant human albumin (rHA) status (lot# L009213, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because of the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information was available.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 07-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII recombinant human albumin (rHA) status (lot# L003859, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information is available.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 05-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII (rHA) status (lot # J016232, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information is available.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medication and drug reaction or allergies reported. On 09-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot# L009213, expiration date, dose anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information is available.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 06-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII recombinant human albumin (rHA) status (lot# J016232, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information is available.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 06-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II (lot # J016232, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information is available.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 12-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II recombinant human albumin (rHA) status (lot# J016232, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information is available.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 14-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of M-M-R II recombinant human albumin (rHA) status (lot# J016232, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of the several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information is available.
This spontaneous report was received from a certified medical assistant and refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about patient's pertinent medical history, concomitant medications and drug reactions or allergies reported. On 19-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose of MMRII recombinant human albumin (rHA) status (lot# J016232, expiration date, dose, anatomical location and route of administration were not reported). The reason for the temperature excursion was, because the daily vaccine counts caused the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. No adverse events were reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected, as no further information was available.
This spontaneous report was received from a Registered Nurse referring to a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's concurrent conditions and medical history were not provided. On an unspecified date in 1976, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R lot # was not reported). On 02-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II lot # reported as : Y298CC (expiration date, route and dose were not provided). There was no concomitant medication described. No adverse effects were reported. No product quality complain was involved. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a certified medical assistant refers to a patient of unknown age and gender. There was no information about the patient's concomitant medications and pertinent medical history reported. On 14-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored M-M-R II (dose, strength, route of administration and expiry date were not reported) lot # reported as K010211. On the same day, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of improperly stored PROQUAD (Merck) lot # K010211, (dose, strength, route of administration and expiry date were not reported). No adverse events were reported. The reason for the temperature excursion was because daily vaccine counts cause the storage unit to have temperature fluctuations because of door opening. Lot # K01011 has been verified as non-valid lot # for M-M-R II. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information is not expected as all scheduled correspondence has been received.
This spontaneous report was received from nurse via field representative, refers to an anonymous twin 15 months old boys. Medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were unspecified. On 15-FEB-2015, the twin boys were vaccinated with M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, single injection, subcutaneously. On 24-FEB-2015, one of the twin boys was seen by the infectious disease pediatrician, for an unspecified reason. The pediatrician diagnosed the child with measles. No treatment was given for the adverse event. The outcome of the event was unknown. Causality assessment was not provided. Therapy with M-M-R II was not reintroduced. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. No further information provided regarding the adverse effect. Additional information has been requested.
Developed shingles (VZV PCR (+)) diagnosed 2/29/16. Varicella vaccine administered 12/17/15.
Gianotti Crosti, infantile papular acrodermatitis.  Extreme pruritus.
It was unknown to pt and staff, but at the time of the vaccination, pt was 11 wks pregnant.
Several hours after receiving the MMR Vaccine, he got fever, malaise, and irritability. The fever lasted about one day. The malaise lasted two days. For the next 10-14 days he was very irritable, it was difficult for him to cooperate, and he was angry. Usually, he is an enthusiastic, cooperative kid.
Fever, Involuntary movements in lower extremities and spasming of the whole body.
