"Initial unsolicited case received from a non healthcare professional on 13 January 2015. A 54-year-old male patient with a reported medical history of hypertension and elevated cholesterol, had received his """"first ever"""" dose of FLUZONE (lot number UI198AA, route of administration not reported) in the left deltoid on 12 January 2015. After the patient received his flu shot, he was fine in the office, but, in the evening, the patient developed flushing, hives and shortness of breath (reported as SOB). He was treated at the emergency room for an allergic reaction and recovered from the event. No admission to the hospital was necessary. Illness at time of vaccination and pre-existing allergies were reported as none. Relevant diagnostic tests/laboratory data were reported as unknown. The event was considered serious per the reporter as it was considered as a life-threatening illness. The outcome was reported as recovered. Documents held by sender: none."""""
Developed severe stomach pain that afternoon and into the evening and overnight; diagnosed with acute pancreatitis the next morning at the ER.
"1/10/2015 Weakness and vomiting, 1/11/2015 CT scan of her abdomen showed ascites and fluid around the pancreas. 1/11/2015 Lipase 1528 and Amylase 162. She was NPO and on IV fluids until Lipase decreased to 49 then she was on clears for 1 day (1/18) then breast milk and solids low fat on 1/14/15 and did fine to 1/15/15."
Rash and fever onset 1/17/2015 AM - Seen by PMD that AM and sent to the ER for evaluation.  Ended up being admitted to the pediatric ICU with Toxic epidermal Necrosis resulting in 5-1-% skin loss.  Required intensive wound and eye care management.
"Pt. reports severe headache 1 hour following flu vaccine. This resulted in several ER visits and a hospitalization resulting in being diagnosed w/ pseudotumor cerebri, having LP shunt placed 1/24/15."
"1/23/15 1430 R. deltoid - """"cellulitis"""" red, hot to touch, swelling, blotchy and pain tender to touch firmness. 1/24/15 0024 Systemic Inflammatory Response Syndrome. 1/23/15 1910 fever max recorded on IP chart 101.4, fatigue, occasional cough, lethargy, tachycardia, chills, sore throat, generalized headache."""""
Petechiae bilateral legs.
"Sudden onset fever, headache, seizures (5 minute status epilepticus, apneic episode)."
"Patient left pharmacy premises immediately after vaccination, against the advice of the myself the vaccinating pharmacist. Patient reported that maybe 10 min after leaving, while driving home, he experienced chest tightness (shortness of breath) and felt faint. He pulled over and called 911, he was taken to the hospital and was discharged 2/6/15. Patient did not recall names of medications he was treated with at the hospital. He came to the pharmacy 2/7/15 to inform us of the event and to fill some prescriptions given to him at discharge."
"Received first vaccines 2/13/15, no apparent problems that afternoon or evening, found dead in crib following AM - cold, likely died hours before. Complex PMH following anoxic/ischemic brain injury at birth. Hx seizures, weaned off anticonvulsants - 2m ago after EEG normal."
"Numbing and tingling of the four extremities, difficulty swallowing, unable to hold objects, unable to walk."
"I am a pediatrician working for a hospital.  I have a case to report to CDC. I have a patient, 8 month old previously female who was dxed with ADEM (possibly from Fluzone).  Patient was noted to be """"extra-sleepy"""" within a day (that night) per mom after receiving 2nd Sanofi Fluzone on 28 Jan 2015 (which was given 1 mo after 1st Fluzone) & developed choreoathetotic movements & was transferred to a hospital. Pt has no issues with 2,4 6 mo vaccines including 1st Fluzone.  At hospital, pt had normal spinal tap & brain MRI showed diffuse white matter signal change.  Pt was dxed with ADEM & was treated with high dose IV steroid pulse therapy.  Pt seems to be improving overall but still has persistent choreoathetotic movements & can not hold her head up. Vision seems to be returning to normal & now making some eye contacts."""""
The patient was found on 2/27/15 unresponsive and was resuscitated; admitted to ICU and remains unresponsive on ventilator with a diagnosis of respiratory failure. CT head/neck/chest are all negative. He initially had thrombocytopenia but now stable. Current CXR with BLL infiltrate and hx fever 101.2. Report received from consulting ID MD questions if r/t adenovirus vaccine.
Patient had a 4 day hospital admission for right upper arm cellulitis following administration of vaccines. Symptoms started about 6 hrs after vaccine administration.
Guillain Barre Syndrome. Treated with IVIG.
"Progressive short term memory loss beginning 4 days after IM flu shot into the deltoid. Ultra short term memory has been affected the most. Associated symptoms include nausea, dizziness, and continuous tiredness that is not relieved by sleep. Symptoms have fluctuated but, slowly worsened over the last 2 months."
Weakness in upper left arm noticed within 1 hour of injection. Weakness remains. Soreness at the injection site lasting 4 days. Soreness in the muscle where the injection was given lasting 4 days.
"Swelling & numbness of right foot, no treatment at that time."
"On 3/23/15 mom noticed very loose diarrhea and vomiting at about 1 pm, then two hours later it happened again and diarrhea stopped 2 days after he was hospitalized. Was given IV fluids to hydrate after very bad dehydration. Was discharged 3/30/15."
"Patient developed petechial rash following the MMRV and influenza and hepatitis B Vaccines on 3/19/15. Patient was admitted to the hospital and labs showed thrombocytopenia, likely cause ITP."
"Febrile seizure, fever 103."
"Unusual amount of pain in shoulder, returned to pharmacy to inquiry."
Numbness in fingers and feet loss of ability to walk headache jaw lock pain in back and legs and arms.
"Prior to and during vaccine administration, patient was crying and hyperventilating.  After vaccines administered, nursing notified that she was not acting appropriately.  She was sleepy, difficult to arouse. She was starting off, not responding to questions and difficult to keep awake.  Later complaining of chest pain, headache, flank pain, difficulty raising her arm and continues to be slow to answer questioning, not oriented to time or place. Altered mental status of 45 minutes in duration.  Glucose normal, given juice and crackers.  Tylenol for pain.  Admitted to the hospital with neurology consult, and with EKG."
"Hives started breaking out at approx. 7pm of 03/03/15.  03/04/15 - 8am face/eyes swelling. Symptoms continue daily. 03/24/2015 - 4pm anaphylaxis - ER visit. 03/26/2015 - 1pm anaphylaxis - on air plane. 04/28/2015 - 9pm anaphylaxis - ER visit. Have seen primary care Dr, allergist, immunologist.  25 days of prednisone starting 3/24 to 4/15 (hives/swelling/rash continued throughout treatment). Medications - Prednisone, Singulair, Atarax, Zantac, Benadryl, Epi-Pen. Hives/Swelling/Rash are currently present daily."
"Patient reported receipt of routine vaccinations while in training with no adverse reactions on 9/10/2014, 10/10/2014 and 11/10/2014. On 3/25/2015 during 9-10am, he received Tdap (BOOSTRIX Lot#5SR2L), injectable influenza (FLUARIX-SK lot #2B472) and Hepatitis B #3 (ENGERIX-B-SK lot #M7JZ4). (Tdap was given as electronic immunization medical records documenting Td being administered 9/2014). Patient recalls onset of right parietal throbbing headache 4-7/10 and then a stabbing like pain to right upper quadrant midline under rib cage <10-15 min after the 3 vaccines that worsened over the next 1-2 hours. He recalls advising immunization staff and was sent to medical. He arrived in medical 3/25/2015 at 11:10 am (1-2 hour after vaccination) where he was diagnosed and treated for headache with NSAIDs and ZOFRAN with some relief (pain at 3-4/10). He described his headache starting as a dull then sharp throbbing pain with nausea. His RUQ pain was sharp (3-6/10) but nondescript with no know aggravating factors (breathing, moving, eating). He denied any visual changes, weakness, facial - neck pain, trauma, recent travel, recent illness/injuries, use of alcohol/drugs, does not smoke, or use of eye glasses or any recent dental care. On 3/27/2015 he returned to medical with persistent headache now lightheaded with nausea and vomiting (x1). He was treated with 1000cc NS, IV ZOFRAN and IM TORADOL and released with prescriptions. He advised while his headache and abdominal pain did decrease. Over the next 3 weeks, he reported neither pain went away. His advised he tolerates both taking medication only when severe while attending school and performing ADL. On 4/20/2015 he returned to medical after """"passing out"""" with worsening headache and expansion of his abdominal pain from RUQ to RLQ. He was transferred to ER for possible appendicitis. An ultrasound and CT of his abdomen/pelvis were normal with no signs of cholecystitis, or appendicitis. He was released with his pain easing with NORCO and ZOFRAN to 3/10. Over the next week he continued to experience both headache (right sided only) and RUQ abdominal pain being able to attend school, eat and exercise. He reported passing out x 2 when head and abdominal pain became severe together. He stated he would stand to leave area which resulted in him """"passing out"""". Witness to these events reported what looked like seizure like activity. His seizures were described as him staring, blacking out, muscles tensing for few seconds and when muscles relaxed he awoke fully aware of where he was. He stated he felt like he just woke up from sleep. There was no report of incontinence during this event or fatigue post event. He did report falling x 1 on 4/27/2015 hitting the right side of head and was again sent to nearby ER for further evaluation and transferred to another hospital for admission."""""
Swelling of arm with redness. No tenderness or limitation of movement.
"9 hrs. post vaccine, pt developed fever 39.2 R, tachycardia, abdominal pain, huge emesis, P.E.-absent reflexes LLE. Treatment-fever mgt, elevated IV lipids. 1/18/15 AM balance off, absent (R) patellar reflex. 1/27/15 abnormal gait, (R) upper/lower weakness of extremity."
"2 Injections in Left Arm Boostrix -Diphtheria-Tetaus & Fluzone High Dose Flu vaccinations. Arm was sore after injections, by 4 couldn't move arm and had extreme pain. Checked internet & said to expect some pain. Arm didn't get better, couldn't sleep or move arm. Been six months still can't do much. Painful Physical Therapy twice a week. Major limited range of motion, can't hold or lift arm up. Impacted everyday activities and social life to the point I am a shut in. Before injection I had no problem with arm, shoulder, neck or side. MRI shows inflammation in arm, shoulder area. Now I can't function."
"Bronchitis, headaches, rapid heartbeat, low grade fever, tremors, anxiety attacks, exhaustion, blurred vision-night blindness, tongue sensitivity, heat intolerance, diarrhea, burping, gagging, vomiting bile, urinary incontinence, numbness in arms and legs, brain fog, hernia."
"Redness, severe swelling, severe pain. Morphine, KEFLEX, malaise, fatigue, cellulitis. Hydrocodone/APAP-Thurs. Clindamycin-Fri. Warm compress. Hydroxyzine-Fri. Ondansetron-Fri."
"Patient had a high fever (103.5) and right arm became red and swelled. High dose flu and Pneumovax was given in right arm.  Boostrix given in left arm. Over the next few days (Tuesday and Wednesday), patient became disoriented, confused, dehydrated, and fever remained.  Patient was admitted to hospital on Thursday with the same symptoms, and had an elevated white blood count, with a possibly infection in right arm."
Admitted to hospital with symptoms of pneumonia.
"3 days of intermittent twitching/jerking movement of arms, head and neck, epsiodes approx. 20-40 min in duration. Involved hyperventilation, improved with . Admitted 8/22-24. No meds given."
"Approximately around 10:30 too 11 PM, patient experianced shortness of breath and cough and change in colors (expressed as purple), patient called 911 and EMS arrived in 3 minutes. According to the patient, oxygen saturation was low around 82 and blood bressure was up and down, at times the systolic was 220. EMS gave her oxygen and took patient to hospital where she was treated with oxygen and discharged around 3 am."
"As relayed to us by family member, Pt. was taken to hospital in critical condition but as of now doctor's not sure what is the cause of her condition."
"Woke up at 3:30 AM on 9/2/15 with chills and shaking but no fever. Woke back up at 10:00AM on 9/2/15 with 100.5 degree fever, went to OBGYN because I was 37 weeks pregnant and they admitted me to Medical Center because I still had a fever, my heart rate was 130 bpm and the baby's was around 200 bpm. At hospital received an IV drip for dehydration and stayed for observation. Fevers continued until 4am 9/3/15 and I was released from the hospital at 12:00PM on 9/3/15 after having normal temperature since 6am."
Post vaccine complete transverse myelitis. Pt is paralyzed from the breast down.
"Syncope, vomiting, weakness, dizziness, temp over 103, low blood pressure, cellulitis."
Incoherent-seizure. Vomiting. Unstable blood pressure. Husband took her to ER.
"Chest tightness start at 1:00pm, difficulty breathing 1:30pm, sore throat, restricted breathing/airways 1:45pm, dizziness and weakness throughout."
Pt received vaccine 9/14/15. She received AFLURIA at the same time. A few days later she experienced redness and swelling at the injection site. She went to ER on Saturday 9/19 and was admitted to the hospital. She was transported to another hospital and is being treated for infection.
Extreme pain in upper right shoulder. Having trouble moving arm without feeling pain. Went to hospital following up with a doctor.
Facial Numbness that migrated to neck and arm.  Later (13 days)became widespread after discharge.
"Patient experienced fever > 102 degrees F and chills. Also what his wife described as """"seizure-like movements"""" lasting approximately 4 hours beginning approximately 2 hours post vaccine. Patient was taken to ED and was hospitalized for 2 days with diagnosis of sepsis/community acquired pneumonia."""""
"Stomach pain & vomiting 8 hrs after injection, sores on lips, fever."
Patient reported on 9/21/15 4:00 pm that she was shaky and did not feel well. She called a neighbor and she was taken to the hospital. She also reported having an injection in her eye at the doctor's office in her 9/21 report (informed post vaccination).
"Administered PREVNAR 13 IM to (L) deltoid followed by FLUZONE to (R) deltoid IM. Within 5 mins of administering meds-pt c/o (R) arm numbness. Had difficulty lifting arm up unable to squeeze with (R) hand. Also c/o (R) thigh numbness. BP increased 150/110, HR 134, BS 84, had difficulty with speech et responding, diaphoretic et confused. Squad arrived et symptoms except for (R) arm hemiplegia began to abate."
"Admitted 9/24 with right hand and arm cellulitis and pruritis and possible underlying HSV or VZV vesicles. WBC elevated.  Symptoms improving during treatment with antivirals.  During admission on 9/26, flu shot was given right upper arm.  Pt had chills overnight following injection.  Right arm aching 9/27.  MD unsure if r/t flu shot vs cellulitis.  Chills treated with acetaminophen x 1.  Pain covered with ibuprofen x 2 doses.  Antibiotic added 9/27.  Pt discharged on antiviral and antibiotic."
"Swelling of face, neck-no troubles breathing, fever, chills."
I received the flu shot in my right arm. A day and a half later I couldn't walk.
"Asthma attack, heavy wheezing and coughing for 2 hours. I took 2 60mg Allegra and 3 puffs of PROAIR-HFA to help me cough up congestion from the phlegm in my chest."
Shot on 9/10. Tired 9/11 and 12-migraine-aches and pains. ER on 9/14-shots. ER on 9/16-I.V.-ER on 9/21-I.V.
Leg numbness. In able to walk or stand and later upper body numbness and chest tightness.
2 weeks after receiving vaccine patient was hospitalized due to congestive heart failure and pneumonia.
"Afternoon of flu shot developed chills and high fever. Patient passed out and ambulance called, taken to hospital."
Cellulitis of the site- required admission to the hospital for IV antibiotics.
"Patient received the flu vaccine on Friday 9/18/2015 at approx 11AM-she developed shaking chills at 8:30PM Fri evening temp 100.6 degrees given TYLENOL XST 2 tabs-at 9:30PM temp increased 103 degrees she was delirious, confused, limp when gotten out of bed->to hospital by ambulance-received IV fluids, vancomycin IV-stress dose cortisone in ER. Admitted to hospital-discharged 9/20/15."
"Employee states numbness and tingling to tongue and getting worse, going down throat.  Epi pen 3mg administered sub cutaneous per Dr. standing orders."
Patient experienced tingling/loss of feeling in her arm(s).  Was admitted to hospital and diagnosed with Miller-Fisher Syndrome and has been receiving immunoglobulin.
Spouse reports diagnosis made on approximately 9/29/15. Numbness started in lower extremities and progressed upwards until patient could not breathe without respirator. Pt currently hospitalized.
The patient states that her arm has been in pain since her injection and that her arm has lost normal function as a result of the injection.
"Generalized weakness, fever, body shaking, fatigue, unable to stand, headache, dizziness and nausea."
"Upper deltoid area became edematous and pruritic. Second day, whole deltoid region erythematous. Benadryl cream applied. Third day, edema increased to lower and lateral aspect of upper and lower arm with dark erythema."
"At time of injection I experienced immediate pain similar to hitting bone or nerve. I am unable to raise or rotate arm without severe pain. Also, I am unable to sleep on my right side."
"Shaky, swollen tongue, weakness, paramedics treated for allergic reaction and stroke, transported to hospital by ambulance."
"Injection administered at 5:30 pm--mild """"sting"""" in upper right shoulder/arm. At 10:00 pm while in bed, significant pain developed in upper right arm/shoulder--level 8 on a scale of 1->10. Pain lessened after 5 days, to a level of 4 on scale of 1->10. Note: ongoing after that; taking pain medications."""""
"Lips/tongue/throat swelling with pain of a deep bruise, skin burn like hot peppers. SOB eyes swollen shut. Went away after 5 hours."
5 days after PREVNAR 13 vaccination patient had redness and soreness at injection site. Site was warm. MD is treating her w/ KEFLEX for cellulitis.
"The symptoms started 2-3 days after the flu vaccine. Patient went to ER, her MRI revealed 3 areas of white matter change in the brainstem and 2 areas of white matter change in another area of the brain.  She has Acute Demyelinating (or Disseminated) Encephalomyelitis secondary to the flu vaccine."
"Tightness in throat, blurry vision."
"Fever, chills, nausea, vomiting."
Generalized tonic-clonic seizure while sleeping.
Patient was taken by ambulance to hospital with severe dizziness and nausea. Patient was found to be dehydrated at hospital.
"Right facial paralysis, slurred speech, confusion, fatigue."
"Diffuse hives, difficulty breathing and swallowing. BP 137/90 HR 90 T 97 O2 100% sat. BENADRYL 25mg IV x2. SOLU MEDROL 125mg IV. PEPCID 40mg. EPIPEN 0.3mg 3x. WBC, 6.5; Hct, 40; Plat, 190; Na, 141; K+, 3.5; Gluc, 97. Admitted. States has hx of unknown """"allergy"""" has seen allergist tests negative."""""
"Flu shot 9/17/15. Started feeling bad next day 18th. My wife put herself on a liquid diet, as she sometimes does, for her Crohn's. Our Dr got sick so he sent us to a Dr that we did not know on 9/22. She was told to stay on broth and Jello-no substantial food for about 5 days. I am patient's husband filling out this report. I called an ambulance, she was very sick 9/23. My wife was operated on 9/24 gallbladder removed. Surgeon told us it was gangrenous. Given antibiotics-later developed yeast infection. White blood count went up-taken off antibiotics given fluconazole for yeast-white blood count stabilized. Some speculated that the flu shot exacerbated my wife's Crohn's disease-others dissed that idea."
The patient feels very sick. His right arm was in pain.
"Soreness, swelling, limited range of motion, frozen shoulder, and bursitis."
"Extreme Myalgia, Myositis, hypotension, vertigo, """"pins and needles"""", uncontrolled yawning, low heartrate."""""
"Fever, chills, tried to compromised breathing and respiratory distress."
Fever or 101; trouble talking; not able to move right side of body; dizzy.
"This is a spontaneous report from a Pfizer-sponsored program. A contactable consumer (wife) reported that an 81-year-old male patient of other ethnicity received on 11Sep2015 12:00 a single dose of PREVNAR 13 in the right arm and FLUZONE in the right arm intramuscular since he got the flu shot annually. Concomitant medications were not reported. Medical history included ongoing diabetes since 2013 and ongoing cellulitis (right leg). It was reported that the patient had the hand really swollen (Sep2015) for which he was hospitalized. The patient was in hospital from 17Sep2015 to 30Sep2015. It was also reported that on unspecified date in 2015, he had not strength in his arm and his hand was hurting. The patient went to the urgent care and then admitted to the emergency in order to perform an x-ray to his hand. The reporter specified that the patient was admitted to the hospital for his hand. Additionally, it was stated that when the reporter visited her husband at the hospital, she found him with a breathing apparatus for the oxygen. A physician explained her that the patient was having some breathing difficulties and that the patient's hand had been x-rayed. The patient received a breathing treatment, while laying flat, and the patient inhaled something in his lungs that caused a pneumonia. The patient was breathing alright prior to going in to the hospital. Actually, the patient did not have the body strength he had before, both arms and the patient himself were weak. His hand was still swollen. He had no bowel control, he could not speak plainly, he was non-responsive and sleeping all of the time. Laboratory data included blood sugar at 110 (highest value) on an unspecified date, X-ray of left hand on 17Sep2015 with unknown results and blood work (Sep2015) that showed great values, WBC improved. A treatment for the event hand really swolled was provided. Outcome was not recovered."
"PER PATIENT: AT 1800 PATIENT BEGAN FEELING VERY """"ILL"""". PATIENT STATES SHE CALLED HER DAUGHTER BUT BEGAN REALIZING SHE COULD NOT GET HER WORDS OUT OR MAKE SENSE WHEN TALKING. PATIENT REPORTED CHILLS. PATIENT ADVICED BY DAUGHTER TO CALL AN AMBULANCE. SHE DID SO AND WAS TRANSPORTED TO HOSPITAL."""""
"This is an 86-year-old female who was admitted to medical center on 10/08/2015 after an allergic reaction to combined flu and pneumonia shot. After receiving a flu shot and pneumonia shot in the Emergency Room, the patient was about to be sent home and she developed diffuse erythematous rash all over her body and increased swelling of her tongue. ER physician was concerned and intubated the patient preventatively to protect her airway since she was starting to have difficulty swallowing and breathing. The patient currently is on the vent, hemodynamically stable, sedated with propofol."
"Difficulty breathing, severe muscle pain, red sclera, nausea, headache."
"Started with hives at injection site, then itching all over, entire body turned red, throat itchy and feeling swollen as well as nose, wheezing cough, anaphylatic reaction."
"Heavy wheezing, tightness in chest, short of breath. Duration 15+ days. Treatment steroids pills, shots, extra albuterol treatments with no improvement and steady decline. Will be admitted to hospital for more aggressive treatment."
"Patient admitted with acute hemolytic anemia, unclear cause."
"Runny nose, sore throat, red, itchy eyes with profuse mattering, couldn't catch his breath.  I called the drug store, talked to the pharmacist.  She recommended treatment at facility.  They saw him and called the ambulance to transport him to the ER.  They administered oxygen to the ambulance arrived.  His oxygen level there was 80.  He was going into anaphylactic shock.  I don't know which drugs they gave him at the hospital.  Call them. He was there until around 2:00 PM 10/17/2015."
Had injections at 11:00 AM - by 4 PM couldn't raise arms - felt like arms had been broken - still have limited mobility today.
Muscle contractions and SVT heart palpitations B/P up and down tightness in throat. Treatment with IV fluids and steroids and BENADRYL can't remember what else.
"Patient came in nervous. Mom sat in area while I administered vaccine. After receiving injection, patient said she had a hard time breathing """"deep"""". I let her sit, brought water still felt not right I advised mom what we could do is call 911. EMT came. After EMT - 911 called. Gave oxygen monitored BP and released her."""""
"Throat began swelling, took Benadryl and had seizure (as reported by sister) and was unresponsive."
Pt called with dizziness and shortness of breath. Went to ER and was admitted for observation.
"Fever day of vaccine, persisted, diabetic severe hyperglycemia, traveled out of state, hospitalized with fever, pulmonary infiltrates, 9/26/15 to 10/1/15."
"Vaccine given 10/16/15. On 10/17/15, parents report right arm (shoulder to mid-forearm) swelling, pain, redness, and itching that extended to the mid-chest and back. Parents report fever to 105 degrees F. Admitted to hospital on 10/19/15 with significant right arm swelling and suspected cellulitis."
"Pt stated arm (L) was red, hot to the touch, swollen with a large knot at injection site. Pt stated it was on back part of arm where Pneumococcal PPV23 was given. Pt stated she has had fever and severe pain. Her white blood count was elevated - had red streak into armpit with swollen lymphnode - did not see pt only spoke on phone."
Had minor flu sx previous to acute chills and rigors with body ache 10/08/2015 at 10:00 AM.
"Patient told me that his legs were numb and that he was having difficulty balancing and walking. I took him that afternoon to his pediatrician, who said that his symptoms could be Guillain Barre caused by the flu shot or could just be a normal reaction from the flu shot. His doctor also advised that the symptoms could last a few days but if they worsened to take him to the ER."
"This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a company representative refers to an approximately 2.5 year old male patient. The patient's medical history included """"hyperplastic left heart"""" and multiple unspecified heart surgeries. There was no information about the patient's concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies provided. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:30, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneously (lot # and expiration date were not reported), a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (route of administration, lot # and expiration date were not reported) and a dose of an unspecified flu vaccine. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:50, the patient was brought back to the provider's office, apparently in cardiac arrest. The reporter stated they began performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on the patient and called for an ambulance. The ambulance took the patient to an emergency room. The reporter stated they received a call from the coroner's office at 15:00, and was informed that the child died (on 19-OCT-2015). The event of cardiac arrest was reported as life threatening. The outcome of cardiac arrest was reported as fatal, however the cause of death was not provided. The relatedness between the adverse event and suspect therapies was not reported. Upon internal review, the event of cardiac arrest was considered to be medically significant. Additional information has been requested."""""
Sudden hearing loss in right ear upon awakening.
"This is a spontaneous report obtained from a contactable nurse. This nurse reported for four patients, this is the second of fourth reports. A 90-year-old female patient received PREVNAR 13 (Lot. L99275; Expiration date: 31Mar2017, NDC number: 005-1971-02) on 08Oct2015 at 15:00, intramuscularly in left arm, at 0.5 ml, single dose and the eighth dose of FLUZONE (Lot. UI456AA, Expiration date: 19Apr2016, NDC number: 49281-397-65, manufacturer: Sanofi Pasteur) on 08Oct2015, intramuscularly in right arm, at 1 DF, single dose. No illness was noted at time of vaccination. The vaccines was administered at the private doctor's office and was purchased with public funds. Relevant medical history included degenerative joint disease (ongoing) and diabetes (ongoing). The patient received, on an unspecified date, seven previous doses of influenza vaccine. Concomitant medications were unknown. The patient received the vaccinations on 08Oct2015 and within 2-3 hours experienced severe left deltoid pain and couldn't move her arm. Emergency room visit was required. Patient went to the hospital because she couldn't move her arm (hospitalization start date: 08Oct2015, hospitalization end date: 12Oct2015). Diagnosis was degenerative joint disease and that the immunization triggered an underlying syndrome she may have had. Clinical outcome of the events was unknown at time of this report. Nurse thought it was somewhat related to vaccination."
"According to school nurse, patient experienced paralysis and blindness. Unknown if attributed to possible viral illness patient had."
Terrible burning pain on left arm (couldn't lift arm past waist-high) - then noticed significant swelling and redness (like sunburn) on upper left arm from the site of where injection of Pneumovax was administered to below elbow.  Tremendous pain prevented left elbow from bending.
"Difficulty breathing (I have asthma); low grade fever; rapid heart beat; upper body aches and pain; sneezing, runny nose."
Infection after receiving the pneumonia vaccine (PCV13). Shot on 10/13/15 went to urgent care 3x was hospitalized on 10/23/15 for skin infection - on antibiotics until Nov. 2 - very weak.
Flu shot given on 10/15/15. Not allergic to eggs. No hx of Guillain Barre. Patient called on 10/19/15 reporting that he had gone to the hospital 5 hr. after the injection because he could not breath. He found relief after they gave neb tx. Sent home on prednisone and abx. 10/19 reported feeling normal.
"On 10/20/15 at 8:00am patient notice large bruising on trunk, both arms, and  both legs. Appeared somewhat suddenly. Sign of first raised bruise on right fore arm appeared on Friday, October 23, 2015 morning. Morning on 10/23/15 patient when to phycisians office and had blood work done. At 1pm on 10/23/15 patient was called by doctor and told to report to emergency room immediately due to Platelets at 17,000. Blood transfusion given in ER on evening. Hospitalized for 3 days. Follow up appointment on Oct. 25 Platelets at 267000. Continuing treatment with dexamethasone every 2 weeks for 3 to 4 cycles with follow up on platelets. Dr. at cancer center is monitoring patient. It is unknown if the event is related to the vaccine administered on 10/6/15."
"Initial flu shot lead to acute pain in left shoulder at site of injection.  On 10/6/2015 patient started feeling intense pain in shoulder, radiating down the left arm.  Pain became progressively worse, accompanied by significant muscle weakness in fingers and wrist.  MRI excluded pre-existing spinal steonsis as potential cause.  Presumptive diagnosis was Parsonage-Turner syndrome, treated with oral steroids and narcotic analgesics.  Radial pain has subsided to a low level in response to prednisone, but weakness persists.  EMG studies are planned once prednisone is terminated."
Received injection at 3:30 pm began having breathing difficulties at 8 pm. Started with cough and restricted breathing. Went to hospital for treatment.
"Awoke 10/1/15 at 10:00PM """"shaking, I was in a catatonic state"""" transported to hospital ED by family."""""
"VOMITING, INTUSSUSCEPTION WITH FLUOROSCOPIC REDUCTION."
"Progressive weakness, areflexia 3 weeks ?."
"This is a spontaneous report a contactable Practice manager who reported on behalf of physician. A 78-year-old male patient received PREVNAR 13 (NDC number: 0005-1971-01, Lot number: L84631, Expiry date: 1 Feb 2017), intramuscular in the right deltoid on 11Sep2015 at 0.5 ml single dose and FLUZONE (NDC number: 49281-397-88, Lot number: UI4278A, Expiry date: 28 Mar 2016, Manufacturer: Sanofi Pasteur) intramuscular in the left deltoid on the same date at high dose of 0.5. Medical history included diabetes mellitus, hypertension, leukaemia, anxiety, blood pressure abnormal, blood cholesterol increased and chronic kidney disease. Concomitant medication included JANUVIA, lisinopril, XANAX, NORVASC, COREG, fenofibrate, PRAVACHOL. The next day patient had swelling over his entire body then the patient was hospitalized due to fluid overload and he cannot fit into his clothes. The patient also experienced full blood count abnormal and metabolic function test abnormal on 06Oct2015. The patient underwent lab tests and procedures on 06Oct2015 which included blood test: unspecified, full blood count: abnormal, metabolic function test: abnormal. The patient did not recover from the event fluid overload while the outcome of the other adverse events was unknown. Therapeutic measures were taken as a result of the events swelling and fluid overload and included LASIX."
"Pt reported not feeling well the evening after the vaccine, within 7 days his legs were weak, 14 days out his muscles were sore and crampy. After 20 days his hands and feet were numb and legs were very weak. The PT proceeded to the ED and was referred to a larger hospital for evaluation. The PT was hospitalized for 3 days, discharged and is now following up with physical therapy and a neurologist."
The patient felt chilled and had shortness of breath.  Later in the eveing a fever and chest pain developed.
"2:30pm - complained about stomach pain, tightness in chest. 3:30-4pm - hives. 4:30pm - passed out, called 911, went to hospital. EPIPEN given at hospital."
"Pain and cramps in left arm where shot was administered. Cramps and pain with any movement, any lifting. Have had to hire out household duties, getting groceries etc. In elbow up to shoulder."
"Hives from head to toe, tightening of throat over 2 weeks. Placed on steroids and BENADRYL."
Cardiac Arrest at home while in bed sleeping next to wife. Brought in to ER in Cardiac Arrest.  Coded for 20 minutes until time of death was called at 1:30am.
"Started getting a golf ball sized knot in my left neck area several hours after I received the flu shot and the pneumonia and Tdap that I was recommended by the pharmacy workers because I had small kids at home.  Felt very bad that night cold chills shivers, low grade fever and a stiff neck. Went to work on 26th, had same symptoms all day. Coworkers stated I looked terrible. Went home took a hot shower n went to bed before dark. Went to work on the 27th and had diarrhea and felt nauseous. I went out patrolling as I am a Sheriffs Deputy. Around 9 am I started feeling much worse and was trying to drive back to my office to tell my boss I needed to go to the Emergency Room. Prior to making it to the office I was driving and my vision started fading out and it suddenly went bright white and the next thing I know was waking up to a large bump from hitting a curb.  During the time I blacked out I crossed two lanes of on coming traffic hit a curb and almost took out several feet of fence with my patrol truck. After a few minutes my vision came back enough to drive 2 miles to my office where I met my Sgt. He advised me to take my shirt off and cool down.  I was sweating really bad.  I called my wife and she came and took me to the Emergency room. I had BP of 80/50 during admission, acute renal failure and dehydration.  I was admitted into the hospital for 3 1/2 days. I now have pain in my lower back, legs, feet and hand.  I have been referred to a spine specialists and a neurologist.  It's been 35 days and my symptoms are worsening."
"Shot given at 2:30pm on 9/30/15. Within 1 hr. pt. experienced leg weakness, slurred speech, sedation. Diagnosed on 10/2/15 w/ stroke. Note: PREVNAR 13 given 2 weeks prior to Flu shot."
"Chest pain, SOB, presyncope, headache, tachycardia."
"Patient received Fluvirin at the pharmacy on 10/1/15 and waited approximately 10 minutes in the waiting room before going home. The pharmacists recommend all patients to stay in the pharmacy for 10 to 15 minutes after receiving any vaccines to ensure that patients don't experience any immediate reaction after vaccination. After going home, he claims there was a bulge at the injection site. He called the pharmacy approximately an hour later and pharmacist informed him that injection site reactions are reported side effects of the vaccine and that he can try to use a cold compress to see if it provides any relief. Pharmacist informed patient to monitor the situation and to contact a medical professional if the condition worsens or does not improve. Patient did not contact the pharmacy after at this time. On 10/30/15, the patient comes back to the pharmacy to inform pharmacist that he has been hospitalized in the ICU for 20 days and was in physical therapy for 10 days due to an unexplained severe reaction to the flu vaccine. According to the patient, he began bleeding within hours of the vaccine and was brought to the hospital by a friend after consulting with a physician. He stated that his platelet levels were very low and that the hospital had to provide intensive care. He stated that none of the physicians treating him could explain why his body had this trigger reaction since he has previously received flu vaccines year after year in the past with no adverse reaction. He has recovered as of 10/30/15."
"Reported Possible Anaphylaxis, possible respiratory failure and shock. Client was evaluated at Emergency Room and another Hospital."
"Itching, elevated heart rate, rash, difficulty breathing and swallowing, nausea."
Pt received FLUVIRIN on 8-30-15. On 9-21-15 he was seen/tx/admitted 5 days for presumed viral transverse myelitis.
"Did not feel well and began to have lower back pain and dry cough by 10/22/2015 could not walk or lie down, pain became debilitating and can not put arms and hands together or up to my face or behind my back."
"Transverse myelitis, hospitalization, workup is in progress but recent vaccination was noted."
"Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to a 10 year old female patient with juvenile idiopathic arthritis. The patient had drug allergy to azithromycin and OMNICEF. On 27-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23 (strength, dose and route were unknown) and FLUARIX (strength, dose and route were unknown) concomitantly. The patient had no concomitant medication. On 28-OCT-2015, the patient experienced seizure. The reporter stated the patient had never had a seizure before and the patient was seen in the emergency room and was admitted to the hospital on 28-OCT-2015. Blood work, chest x-ray and computerized tomography (CT) scan of head was performed. Action taken with PNEUMOVAX 23 was reported as """"continued"""". The outcome of seizure was reported as recovering/resolving. The causality between the events and PNEUMOVAX 23 was not reported. Additional information has been requested."""""
"10/5/15 > got Flu vaccine, felt hot immediately then it was difficult to talk and hard to breathe. Epi given and brought to the ER. Prednisone and BENADRYL given in ER. Rx for prednisone 60 mg for 3 days. Seen by Dr in Employee health 10/7/15 and asymptomatic."
"Vaccines received on 10-16-15. That evening had an 8 minute febrile seizure. Experienced respiratory distress, intubated and transferred to hospital ICU. 1st febrile seizure at age 6-7 months of age. 2nd febrile seizure one week later. 3rd febrile seizure April 2015. 4th febrile seizure on 10-16-15."
"On 10/14/15 the patient acute unprovoked sharp low back pain. Back pain got progressively worse and began to radiate to lower extremities. By 10/28/15 sx of pain numbness and weakness was experienced in both legs and arms. Pt also reports difficulty walking, metallic taste."
"Received flu shot at approximately 3PM - awoke 3AM with a swollen, red throat. Administered FIRAZYR to self to stop laryngeal attack. Also developed hives on upper left arm at and around shot site."
"Shot given 10/20/15 first symptom - (R) knee joint on 10/21/15, (R) ankle joint. 10/23/15 (R) ankle joint. 10/24/15 both ankles no weight bearing - admitted to ER then hospital 10-24-15."
Tachycardia and fever of 102.
"Patient did not recognize her own dog, then didn't know who she was.  Taken by husband to ER and was admitted for transient global amnesia.  Symptoms resolved by the next day and she was discharged.  All testing reported negative by patient, but I do not have any hospital records at this time. Of note, patient did have her initial dose of Augmentin 875 mg and Sudafed 30 mg at 3:00 PM that day, 1 hour prior to onset of symptoms."
None stated.
"Continuous vomiting, body pain, lightheaded, severe chills, abdominal pain, bronchitis, hypertension, pancreatic levels elevated, vaginal bleeding, confusion, trouble speaking and understanding, shortness of breath, severe fatigue, no appetite."
"Patient received FLUZONE in our outpatient center- had office visit only, so received IM injection in MD area. Patient called 2 hours later stating tongue swelling, cough, and throat itching. Instructed to take BENADRYL and go to the ED. Patient was admitted. Waiting to hear condition."
"Patient called pharmacy and complained of having trouble breathing/not feeling well. Pharmacist suggested she go to the hospital immediately. According to husband, she was admitted around 9PM to the hospital. She stayed one night on 11/4 and will stay at least 11/5 for one night for further observations."
"Progressive hypernatremia to 180, with severe mental status changes."
"Guillain-Barre syndrome (severe weakness, numbness in all 4 extremities, worst in legs, hospitalized, given 5 d IVIG)."
"This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a 16-year-old female patient. The patient's pertinent medical history was not reported. The patient had no drug reactions or allergies. On 31-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with GARDASIL or GARDASIL 9 (dose, route of administration, frequency and lot# were not reported). Concomitant therapies included influenza virus vaccine (unspecified), fluoxetine, albuterol sulfate (manufacturer unknown), fluticasone and ondansetron (manufacturer unknown). On 01-NOV-2015, the patient was admitted to the hospital because she experienced vomiting, shortness of breath and chest pain after she received two vaccines. Prior being admitted to the hospital, the patient self-administered EPIPEN to herself. At the time of the report, the patient was stable and recovering after receiving unspecified treatment in the hospital. The causality between the events and the suspect vaccines was not reported. The reporter considered the events to be life threatening and medically significant. Additional information has been requested."
"Dizziness, sweating, itchiness, nausea, tongue swelling. Given Epi, Benadryl and a steroid and kept in observation over night. Discharged and ended up back at ER same night because of itching and swelling of the tongue. Extreme Dizziness and itching still present on 11/08/2015."
Approx. 2 hrs after shot throat felt like it was closing up.
"Vaccine administered 10/14/15. Patient admitted to hospital, on 10/17/15 - 10/20/15. Diagnosed with Guillain-Barre. Patient admitted to hospital 10/21/15 - 10/23/15 for side effects of treatment medications."
"24 hrs after receiving the High-Dose flu shot, pt complained of a severe headache. He had 3 seizures in the next 5 hrs. Pt seen in ER x2 and remained in hosp 48 hrs."
Patient experienced severe tachycardia 4 hrs receiving the flu shot. Was in the ER.
"Pt received Tdap, Flu and HPV shots. Immediately after 3rd shot (HPV) pt c/o not feeling well, then had approx 10 seconds of tonic-clonic seizure activity, and became unresponsive. She woke up about 30 sec. later, confused and mildly combative. She was diaphoretic, c/o bad headache. B/P 160/94 P 88 O2 sat 84%. O2 applied, drank water, v/s improved: 129/84 P 66 O2 sat 99%. Pt c/o hands tingling, pounding H/A weepy and confused. Sent to ER."
Acute onset transverse myelitis with lower extremity paralysis and loss of bowel/bladder control 4 days after high dose flu vaccine FLUZONE High Dose.
Patient received FLUARIX (Lot # 25N22) on 4 Nov 2015. Began to experience lower extremity weakness/tingling and low back pain on 07 Nov 2015. Reported to ED and admitted to hospital for treatment of Guillain-Barre Syndrome. Pt. is still under treatment.
Brain Hemorrhage.
"Had stroke 20 days after flu shot. Prior to Oct. 10-2015 I was active and in good health, driving and doing all the shopping plus charity work, gardening and canning and freezing all summer, life was good then on Sept. 21-2015 I got the flu shot and 20 days later I had a stroke on the left side and was in the hospital 13 days, prior to that I always had low blood pressure and still don't have clogged arteries, no strokes in my family history. I always got my flu shot every year but not like the one they gave me this year. The medicine I was taking at the time before I got the shot SYNTHROID 75 mg 1 tablet a day, RELAFEN 500 mg 1 a day, omega 3 fish oil 2 a day, lutein 25 mg 1 a day, multi. vit 1 a day liquid calcium 600 mg daily, B-12 injection 1 cc each, estrogen 1/2 tablet daily. Now I'm on COUMADIN 10 mg daily and blood pressure 1/2 tablet daily. I can't walk, cook, clean or do much of nothing. I'm getting therapy at home 4 times a week I'm not able to go to them. I thought you needed to know what happened to me after the flu shot. I am allergic to statin drugs."
Severe arm pain within 4 hrs. I was grossly bedridden (all severe reactions x 10) headache severe plus all flu symptoms severe bedridden up and about 1 1/2 days then very severe pain body.
"Severe difficulty breathing, seemed unable to absorb oxygen plus cough, chills, & fever. Albuterol inhaler helped breathing + acetaminophen & diphenhydramine for other symptoms. Very scary & would have gone to ER (1 hour away) if inhaler had failed. Fully resolved the next AM."
"Had swelling of tongue and face, difficulty breathing. Was driven to the Emergency Room where she received epinephrine, Benadryl, and Solumedrol."
"Guillain-Barre syndrome. Week after flu shot developed fever/sore throat which lasted about week then developed numbness in fingertips - progressed to neuromuscular weakness, respiratory SOB."
"Loss of vision in one eye, loss of consciousness, report of seizure activity by husband, night sweats."
"Patient had severe demyelination in the brainstem following the vaccination and presented with weakness, parasthesia, paralysis of eye muscles, jaw clonus, double vision, severe ataxia and inability to swallow and trouble breathing."
"Patient received vaccination (FLUVIRIN from Novartis) on 11/5 9:15AM after 10 min he walked to his car with his son but blacked out and fainted. He states that he drove himself to hospital across the st. and was hospitalized 2 days. Pt would not provide details of treatment but stated that he received """"blood thinner""""."""""
Patient received Flu shot on October 20 and became ill the same day. He was vomiting and shivering. He died the day after receiving Flu shot.
My shot reacted from a pneumonia shot. I end up in the hospital 5 days. It messed my whole body up.
"Upper arm pain with limited movement. Activities of daily living hindered. It started at about 2 hours after administration. Took Ibuprofen, but has not had much of an impact on pain. I am unable to sleep on my side or lift my arm. ROM is limited. I continue to be in pain."
"Itching of eyes, ears, nose & throat, followed by mild anaphylatic episodes."
15-20 min complex febrile seizure requiring hospitalization and administration of midazolam intranasal by paramedics to break seizure. MRI and EEG obtained and were normal.
"Day 1: Fever in evening. Day 2: Lost appetite, could not keep down TYLENOL, had severe diarrhea. Day 3: Patient given IMMODIUM by spouse. Day 4: 911 called; Blood sugar was 17; Taken to ER and waited 7 hours. Now in ICU for Sepsis."
"States arrived at hotel approximately 6pm, having chills with headache that continued to worsen without temperature going up but not checked. Ambulance was called and he was taken to Hosp evaluated and admitted."
PA from hospital called store and told Rph that pt admitted w/Guillain Barre to fill out VAERS. PA complied.
"The morning after flu vaccination, he had fever, headache, and tiredness. He developed a dry cough by the 2nd day. All these symptoms continued and worsened until he was bedridden on the 4th day. On the 5th day, he went to urgent care because symptoms worst of any day and fever 104 degrees. His physician ordered labs and he was admitted to the hospital that evening. He had elevated liver enzymes, low WBC, and low platelets. They ran tests for 2 days with none of them positive.  He was released on the 3rd day with no answers."
I was 38 weeks pregnant. My baby's heart stopped beating. He was pronounced dead less than 24hrs after I got the flu shot.
PATIENT REPORTEDLY HAD 102 FEVER. NAUSEA/ VOMITING. DIFFICULTY BREATHING. SPENT 2 DAYS IN HOSPITAL.
Patient believes that he has Guillain-Barre Syndrome from the Fluzone HD that he received from us.
"7:50 Flu shot given. 7:52 -> chest tightness, breathing, dizzy, red flush skin. EPIPEN 0.3mg injected at 752PM and called paramedics. Pt ok after 1st dose of EPIPEN."
Woke up in the morning and had difficulty standing.  Went to facility around 10:00 AM.  Was referred to another facility.  Arrived there at 3:00 PM and was unable to walk at all.  Used a wheelchair to get into facility.  Was admitted with a diagnosis of Guillain Barre Syndrome.  Remained at facility for 6 days and received IV/IG treatment for 6 days.  Was then transferred to hospital and remain there today 11/20/2015.  Receiving IV/IG treatment twice weekly and getting physical therapy.  Still cannot stand or walk.
Both legs started going numb a few days later. Numbness has been gradually ascending. About that same time noted her hands felt numb and her arms feel heavy. Legs started to hurt after a few more days from about the knee level down. Having trouble with weakness in legs. Able to walk for short distances.
"GENERALIZED FEVER AND MALAISE ESCALATED RAPIDLY TO 104.5-104.9 FEVER. PROFUSE SHAKING, SHORTNESS OF BREATH, DIZZINESS. ATTEMPTED HOSPITALIZATION BY VISITING ER THAT COULD NOT SEE ME FOR HOURS. I RETURNED HOME WITHOUT SEEING ANY MD. I  SUBMERGED MY HEAD IN COLD WATER IN ATTEMPT TO PREVENT NEUROLOGICAL AND TISSUE DAMAGE DUE TO DANGEROUSLY HIGH TEMPERATURE.  1000MG OF TYLENOL & 800MG IBUPROFEN TAKEN Q6-8H."
"General weakness, unable to walk in ICU Dx Guillain-Barre syndrome."
Reported to our facility that was admitted to Hospital approximately 3 wks ago for Guillain Barre. Transferred this week to another hospital.
"Bad headache, fever, severe chills, weakness, rapid heartbeat  This lasted until approximately 8:00 PM."
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable pharmacist communicated to a Pfizer colleague. A 72-years-old male patient of an unspecified ethnicity started to receive PREVNAR 13, via an unspecified route of administration on 30Oct2015 at single dose in arm and high dose influenza vaccine, via an unspecified route of administration on 30Oct2015 in arm. The patient medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. Approximately a week later patient reported bleeding at injection site, and injection site reaction described as a lump the size of a goose egg, reporter thinks it was 06Nov2015, but was unsure. The patient was admitted 2 weeks later to the hospital. He suffered a vagal nerve response and 'weird heart things'. Vagal response did not start on date of injection. The patient stated his heart stopped 4 times in the ambulance. He was still in the hospital. The outcome of 'weird heart things' and injection site reaction described as a lump the size of a goose egg was not recovered. The outcome of vagal nerve response, bleeding at injection site, and heart stopped was unknown."
Patient called and spoke to the store manager on 10/26 and said she was just discharged from the hospital. She said her face blew up because of the flu shot. Hospital ran various tests and nothing seem wrong. She refused to speak to a pharmacist.
"The day after patient received the Prevnar 13 her arm became red and swollen. Over the next few days it turned purple and she developed fever and generalized weakness. She presented the hospital on 11/2 with a temp of 100.8 and was admitted. Pt's symptoms improved and was discharged 11/6/15. She presented to our clinic on 11/19/15. Her arm was healed. She still was weak, but improving."
Right foot numbness followed three days later by left foot numbness. Progressed up her left thigh. Followed by upper extremity weakness with bulbar involvement (left facial nerve).
Mini stroke symptoms. Loss of strength in limbs. Current treatment with steroids.
"Pt reports bilateral leg and arm weakness and numbness--felt like """"pins and needles"""".  Per neuro note, pt had """"Ascending paralysis, areflexic""""; required IVIG administration x 5days.  As of 11/24/15, pt still with deficits (""""severely disabled per Rehab MD note"""") and will be going to a rehab facility today for acute inpt rehab."""""
"Soreness, redness, 10/30/2015 temp of 102.9, 10/31/2015 continued temp, shortness of breath, unable to move arm, red and swollen. Admitted to hospital 10/31/2015, treated for possible cellulitis with vancomycin by 11/02/2015 kidneys going into renal failure, stopped vancomycin and any thing else affecting kidneys. Kidneys continued to worsen also treated with Benadryl for allergic reaction. Determined no cellulitis just allergic reaction, acute renal failure, remained in hospital treating allergic reaction and renal failure until 11/15/2015 when kidneys were now on a downward trend and repairing themselves. Signs of allergic reaction are also gone. As of 11/24/2015, still at home resting on renal diet. Unable to work now for over 3 weeks due to flu vaccine. Also pneumonia shot given at the same time, I have had this before about 20 years ago. I have never received a flu vaccine before."
"Short term memory loss, tiredness, headache, muscle pain."
"Pt had trouble breathing about an hour after injection. Husband was going to take her to ER, but pt couldn't move out of chair. Pt was taken by ambulance and hospitalized x 2 days. She had a drop in BP and was treated for anaphylaxis. Pt is doing fine and at home now."
On 11/5 I felt stiffness in the evening. About 2:00 AM on 11/6 I awoke with severe pain over entire body and inability to lift either leg off of bed. Was transported to ER via ambulance and admitted. Was catheterized and given IV - also developed violent migraine. Temp of 100.9. Discharged on 11/7 with limitation in TKR.
4 days of ascending weakness and paresthesias in the setting of a recent flu vaccination and shoulder pain. She has now developed severe syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone with dramatic hyponatremia over the past 48 hours. This is a described complication of Guillain- Barre syndrome.
"Dad reports tics 12 hours after flu vaccine, progressed in frequency and severity went to ER on 11.20.15 admit and d/c same day, saw neurologist."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 12 November 2015. This case involves an 81-year-old female patient, who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number: unknown, dose, dose in series, route and site of administration was not reported) on 04 November 2015 at 10:00 AM. The patient denied illness at the time of vaccination and pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions. On 04 November 2015, same day of vaccination, patient experienced shortness of breath and tachycardia in the evening. On 05 November 2015, patient presented to Emergency room in the morning and was admitted for three days (discharge date was not reported). Laboratory investigations was not reported and patient was treated with Metoprolol 25 mg daily. The outcome of the events was reported as unknown. Documents held by sender: none."
"At 1am all muscles, inc. throat, started tightening up, chills, by morning I was completely paralyzed.  I could only lay and use the bathroom, I could barely move.  For the next 3 weeks, I suffered severe fatigue. I didn't move my bowels til day 9 and they were gray.  For the next 7 weeks, I only moved my bowels 6 times, w/ severe constipation, and Ive been regular my whole life. When I did attempt to do anything, I couldn't breathe. I put a call in to my Dr. cause it was so bad that while doing the dishes I sound like I ran up 10 flights of stairs.  She sent me to hospital, shocked by my breathing on the phone, and order a complete workup again.  Iwas also severely dizzy and nauseous all the time.  When I lay completely still, I was ok so I had to do that.  I couldn't work or take part in anything called life.  At hospital echo, EKG, lung xray, head, all done and found to be perfectly healthy.  They couldn't identify why I was so sick.  I knew exactly and tried to tell them.  One night in hospital I got up to take off the sheet and my blood pressure must have skyrocketed, cause anything I did w/ my upper body, I could not breathe and they rushed in.  My breathing is still not normal.  I was very aerobically fit.  Walked dogs everyday 3 - 4 mile.  Now even at a resting position, my breathing is not normal.  Went to pulmonary testing and she said I had trouble getting air out.  Neurologists speculate that I have a rare auto immune infection from the flu shot.  I have been so nauseous and dizzy that I have vomited in the last 10mos. more than my whole adult life, when I'm driving I have to pull over etc. neurologist sent me to vestibular testing saying that that part of my brain was damaged due to the initial attack.  I have an appt. w/ vng testing now coming up, and have had to file for disability etc."
"Neck pain and in back of head, twitching hands, dizzy, nauseous, cold feeling, fever, feeling very weak. Patient was admitted for meningitis symptoms. All tests came back negative."
"Patient reports that 10 days after receiving vaccine, he developed tingling sensation in his palms and soles of foot that extended to fingers and toes, followed by weakness in his LE. Patient reports no other symptoms. Patient was evaluated in inpatient setting, started on IVIG, and symptoms began to improve immediately after first dose."
"Guillain Barre Syndrome, while traveling; developed diarrhea followed by ascending weakness - required mechanical ventilation."
"caught a bad cold soon after I was vaccinated, and when the cold was slightly over. It left me with severe pain inside my rib cage spreading to my back. The doctor did tests. They found I had damage to my liver. I wanted to report about the Flu shot that was given to me. I went to the emergency room and my doctor about this. They told me they don't think my condition came from the Flu shot. They did not run any special tests to prove that it didn't. I know I never had anything wrong with my liver before. I don't drink or smoke. I know I did develop this problem until after I was given the Flu shot."
"Began with lethargy, progressed to post vaccine vzv. Severe generalized rash with hundreds of large crusting lesions. My daughter was hospitalized and placed on IV acyclovir and antibiotics. This reaction was more severe than any normal chicken pox case."
Patients caretaker reported he was hospitalized the day after with pneumonia and a stroke. Not sure if they are related as history shows pt. tolerated flu shot in the past.
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 18-Nov-2015) concerns a 50 year-old male patient who received Afluria 2014/2015 on 11-Nov-2014 (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch 0986-26901) and had been tolerated. On 06-Nov-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 098629401) on the left upper arm, via the intramuscular route, for prophylactic vaccination. On 06-Nov-2015, 1 day after the vaccination, the patient developed an autoimmune mediated tendonitis of the left side neck muscles which lasted for 9 days. The patient was hospitalised. Diagnosis was confirmed by MRT (magnetic resonance tomography) of the cervical spine and liquor puncture. Meningitis was excluded diagnosis. Outpatient treatment afterwards was required. The outcome was recovered on 14-Nov-2015. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the case as serious (hospitalisation). Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Hospitalisation. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine, and the Afluria PI, tendonitis and autoimmune disorder are both unlisted. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is same day of vaccination. There was no description of clinical presentation and findings on MRI were not specified. More importantly it is not known if there was a recent history of trauma, overuse, poor neck posture which are more common cause of tendonitis and or pain in neck muscle.  Tendons are not highly vascular structures hence there is lack of biological plausibility that explains influenza vaccine in causation of autoimmune inflammation as is the case with nerve inflammation/neuritis.  In this case causality is considered possible only due to temporal association and absence of other causes for tendonitis."
Developed seizure activity. Admitted to hospital and treated with anti-convulsant. MRI normal. Spinal tap with 15 WBC. HSV and EV PCR negative. Acyclovir discontinued.  Discharged but readmitted to another hospital with new seizure activity and ataxia as well as mild mental status change. Repeat MRI negative. Repeat lumbar puncture with continued 11 WBC. Repeat HSV PCR negative. Adenovirus PCR From nasopharyngeal swab positive but CSF negative. Required multiple anti-convulsant to control seizure and discharged on combination anticonvulsant therapy.
I got the new vaccine on October 13th and have numbness and tingle on hands and feet.
Seen 11/4 in ER. End of October developed numbness in hands and feet (seen 11/5 sx x 1 wk). Returned 11/9 with paresthesia - unable to walk - sent to ER and admitted to Medical Center. Diagnosed with Guillain-Barre Syndrome. Discharged to rehab 11/16 and released 11/25. Seen in office 12/3.
LOSS OF CONSCIOUSNESS FOR 18 HOURS. HOSPITALIZED FOR LACK OF ABILITY TO COMMUNICATE AND MOVE.
"Abdominal pain, back pain, lethargy, extreme weakness, no appetite, fevers, tremor in hands, inability to stand or walk. Patient was hospitalized 3 times so far since this vaccine was administered.  Endless tests have shown little except continuous elevated WBC, sed rate and CRP blood past 6 weeks, MRI of brain and spine showed white matter lesions consistent with ADEM and possible transverse myelitis."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a pharmacist via other company (Pfizer) on 24 November 2015. Manufacturing control number - 2015393559. This case involves a 72-year-old male patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HIGH DOSE (batch number, expiration date, dose, dose number and route of administration were not reported) in arm and a dose of PREVNAR 13 (batch number, expiration date, dose, dose number and route of administration were not reported) in the arm on 30 October 2015. Both vaccines administered together but in different arms. The patient's medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. On an unspecified day in November 2015, few days following the vaccination, the patient developed an injection site reaction described as a lump the size of a goose egg. On an unspecified date, the patient also suffered from vagal nerve response and developed weird heart things and heart stopped. Approximately a week later patient reported bleeding at injection site, reporter thought it occurred on 6 November 2015, but was unsure. It was reported that, patient stated his heart stopped four times in the ambulance, caller is unclear regarding these details. On an unspecified date, the patient was hospitalized two weeks later vaccination and he was still in hospital. Laboratory investigations and corrective treatment were not reported.  The patient was recovering from the events of weird heart things, injection site reaction described as a lump the size of a goose egg and; however the outcome of the event of bleeding at injection site, vagal nerve response and heart stopped were unknown. List of documents held by sender: none."
Dizzy - fever - swollen arm went to hospital and dr office after hospital.
"Unable to use left arm.  Lost feeling and control of arm.  Same arm as injection of pneumonia and influenza vaccines.  Went to hospital, it was a stroke.  Still has little control or feeling in fingers of left hand."
"Patient reports """"vertically misaligned"""" vision; unable to touch nose with finger with or without eyes open; other stroke-like symptoms; incontinence; extreme lethargy; very impaired mobility."""""
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 25-Nov-2015) concerns a 52 year-old female patient. On 08-Oct-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 0986-29801) via the intramuscular route for influenza immunisation. On 02-Nov-2015, 26 days after the vaccination, the patient developed visual acuity reduced in the right eye, lasting for unknown. The patient was hospitalised. The outcome was not recovered at the time of reporting. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the case as serious (involved or prolonged inpatient hospitalisation). Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Involved or prolonged inpatient hospitalisation. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria, reduced visual acuity is unlisted. Causality: Unassessable. Time to onset is 3 weeks following administration of Influenza vaccination. There are several causes of reduced vision which include infection/inflammation, vasculitis, trauma to eye and optic nerve disease. In context of Influenza vaccination, Optic neuritis and or encephalomyelitis should be considered as visual loss can be a presenting symptom of both. Patient's age in her 50's makes first onset of multiple sclerosis less likely. Further information such as medical history of autoimmune disorder, diabetes, hypertension, smoking, risk factors for retinal detachment and results of investigation into cause of visual deterioration (MRI brain and Optic nerve) etc. are required. There is insufficient information for causality assessment."
Patient reported waking up not able to hear out of his left ear 3 days after his FLUVIRIN injection. Pt has since been to 2 specialists and had 2 cortisone injections without any success in restoring his hearing.
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 25 November 2015. This case involves a 69-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number: UI477AA, expiration date: 20 May 2015, dose, dose number, route and site of administration were not reported) on 15 October 2015. The patient did not have known drug allergy. Concomitant medication was not reported. On 15 October 2015, few hours following the vaccination, the patient was feeling very bad, lost consciousness, severe shaking, vomiting and elevated temperature. On 15 October 2015, the patient's neighbor took her to the hospital. The patient required ER or doctor visit. It was reported that in hospital patient continued to have shaking, vomiting, elevated temperature, times in which lost consciousness, low blood pressure and she felt almost died. Laboratory investigations and corrective treatment were reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. List of documents held by sender: none."
"DIZZINESS, SLURRED SPEECH, WEAKNESS TO THE POINT OF NEEDING ASSISTANCE. UNBALANCED, HOSPITALIZATION, TESTS ALL NEGATIVE."
He entered one hospital first. Was out for 4 days. Then was taken to second Hospital where he still is mostly unresponsive. They had him in CCU for 18 days. He is now on the Medical floor. Has a trach and a feeding tube. He is at 37 days and counting in the second facility.
Patient went to hospital with pericarditis.
"Lower extremity weakness noticed on 12/05/15, 6 days following 6 month immunizations including flu. Diagnosed with longitudinal transverse myelitis from C4-T2. Infectious etiologies mostly ruled out at time of report. NMO and oligoclonal bands still pending. Responding quite well symptomatically on day 3 of steroid burst. Considering IVIG."
Guillain Barre syndrome.
Weakness and limited mobility in right arm (IM injection in right deltoid).
"Patient started having a couple of symptoms on this date--diarrhea, falling, blackouts, leg weakness and was unable to walk.  He did not go to the hospital until 11/29.  They sent him home and he went back on 11/30 when they called in a neurologist.  He was then diagonsed with Guillain Barre syndrome at that time.  This was not reported to the pharmacy until today, 12/15/15.  The patient is now recovering in a rehabilitation facility."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a Pharmacist on 05-Oct-2015. This case involves a male patient (age was not reported) who was vaccinated with a intramuscular third dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number- UI478AB, expiry date- 09-May-2016 and site of administration was reported as unknown) on 01-Oct-2015. It was reported that patient received two previous doses of vaccinations. Patients illness at the time of vaccination was reported as unknown. Pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions included Amoxicillin and VICODIN as previous drugs. Other medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 02-Oct-2015, next day after vaccination, the patient experienced painful redness on both hands and feet which got worsened on 03-Oct-2015. Patient required ER/doctor visit. Laboratory investigations and corrective treatments were not reported. At the time of this report, the patient was not recovered from the events. Follow-up information received from a pharmacist on 04 December 2015. This case involves a 68-years old patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD in right deltoid. The patient was vaccinated at private doctor's office/hospital. the patient's pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions reported as allergic to amoxicillin causing faintness, allergic to VICODIN causing chest discomfort, diabetes, cardiomyopathy, hypotension and hyperlipidemia. Concomitant medications included Aspirin, Furosemide, Lisinopril, Pravastatin, and Triamcinolone topically. On an unknown date, following the vaccination, the patient was diagnosed with erythema multiforme after developing painful planus and palmos lesions. The patient had ER visit on 03 October 2015 and was admitted to hospital. It was reported that there was no changes in diet, medications and furosemide was stopped during hospitalization due to reports of erythema multiforme with it. On 06 October 2015, the patient was discharged from the hospital in stable condition. The patient was previously vaccinated with FLUZONE HD in 2013 and 2014 with no reaction. On 04 October 2015, C-reactive protein was 88.5. On an unknown date, the patient was recovered from the events. The reporter assessed the causal relationship with suspect vaccine as related by temporal history. Documents held by sender: none."
"Later in the afternoon had fever, bad headache and loss of appetite. On 10/9 similar issues which continued through 10/10. Was eating although not hungry on 10/10 when eating reached for glass of water and passed out with no notice/warning. Did not feel dizzy ar all before passing out. Woke up on floor and realized was on the floor and passed out again. The next time that woke up got up and went to get his oxygen. Realized had hurt hand and elbow on the blood. Daughter took him to ER since he was bleeding. The admitted him and did CAT and heart test. Left hospital on 10/11 because he did not like care. The doctors wanted him to stay. On the week of October 12th - 16th went to Primary Care doctor who gave him orders for an ultrasound on 10/21 and 10/22 an MRI. Went back to doctor for results and everything was clear. No other aes so far. Decided to report because saw story on TV about hospitalization associated with pneumonia vaccine."
"Hard to breathe as throat swelled up so much it was hard to get air inhaled and exhaled. Numbness in left arm and chest. It resembled a heart attack. Extreme muscle, joint and nerve pain. Has had the intense muscle, joint and nerve pain constantly after the flu shot."
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 08-Dec-2015) concerns an 8 year-old male patient. On 01-Dec-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 30149421B, first dose) via the intramuscular route on the left upper arm for prophylactic vaccination. On 02-Dec-2015, 2 days after the vaccination, the patient developed fever up to 40 degrees, strongest headache, pain in limb, impaired vision/visual disturbance, left corner of the mouth droops a little, and dizziness. The duration of the impaired vision was 5 hours. The patient also had swelling in the face. The patient was hospitalised and the condition was not life threatening. The diagnostic investigation was ongoing. The outcome was not recovered at the time of reporting. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the case as serious (hospitalisation). Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness: Serious. Hospitalisation. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information all events are unlisted except for headache and pyrexia. Causality: Possible.  Systemmic symptoms of headache, fever , dizziness, and pain in extermity, if in the context of the vaccinated limb, have been observed for influenza vaccination. Determining causality for visual disturbance and facial drooping requires more relevant medical data and diagnosis.  Taking a conservative approach, causality is considered possible in relation to vaccination due to temporal association and no other risk factors being specified."
Acute jaundice and signs of acute liver failure. Now listed for liver transplant.
Influenza vaccine administered on 11/13/15. Guillain-Barre Syndrome began Dec. 1st 2015. Hospitalized x 2 12/6-12/8 and 12/10 - present.
Pt received influenza and Tdap vaccine on 11/16. Pt arrived to ER on 12/12 and diagnosed with Guillain-Barre Syndrome = DPH notified.
Guillain Barre Syndrome requiring IVIG and plasmapheresis treatment.
"Initial symptoms include worsening fevers, fatigue, and muscle weakness that required hospitalization since 11/30/15. Currently still hospitalized at this time with pending inpatient rehab facility placement."
"She described a soreness in her arm as well as malaise, soon developed redness, more severe pain in her arm approx. 4cm below the injection site. This worsened over the next few days. She visited an ER 4 days after the injection due to severe left arm pain and fever, severe malaise/fatigue. She was diagnosed with cellulitis and treated with IV antibiotics. 1-2 days afterwards she felt much better and the pain started to subside as well as her malaise/fever/fatigue. At this time she has minor left arm soreness and only a slight redness to the skin."
"On Oct. 8 received Flu vaccine. On Oct 12, lost most hearing left ear. Diagnosed by ENT w/Idiopathic Sensorineural Sudden Hearing loss. Treated w cortisone, oral and intratympanic."
Pain in back of left knee 8 hours after Flu vaccine injection. Pain and noticeable swelling in left calf by morning. Severe pain upon walking and standing. Saw Dr on 11/17/2015; he sent me to radiology at Medical Center where a blood clot (DVT) was detected in left leg from calf to groin. Admitted into Emergency Room immediately. Treated with LOVENOX and oral warfarin. 4 days in hospital. XARELTO prescribed.
"I took shot at pharmacy, done fine for about 3 hours, could not swallow, breathing fast, saliva running down my chin, I called Dr. next day and pharmacy made appt. to go in. Laid in bed for 3 days. I get shot every year a pharmacy - same one never hurt me before something in this shot that will kill me."
Child died while sleeping. No reported evidence of illness prior to death.
"2 weeks after vaccines given - muscular weakness, distal hypertonicity of limbs, suspected tetanus. The patient presents with bilateral, lower extremity, altered gait and altered coordination. The onset was 1 weeks ago. The course/duration of symptoms is constant and worsening. The character of symptoms is weakness, off-balance and increased muscle tone/contracture. The degree at present is moderate. Risk factors consist of none. Prior episodes: none. Therapy today: none. Associated symptoms: none. Baseline status: ambulatory. Patient sent to the ED by PCP after evaluating patient this AM and then speaking with pediatric neurologist Dr. Patient presents with gait abnormality, LE stiffness for approximately 1-2 weeks, which has gotten progressively worse. Parents noted that they thought they observed abnormalities last week, but weren't fully aware of the situation until they received a call from patient's teacher who had observed his altered gait on the playground at school. Parents stated that patient was able to engage in physical activity throughout the week, but they grew particularly concerned yesterday. After a physically active day at a farm yesterday, patient was unable to walk after his evening bath, and was observed crawling/dragging his body. Patient is not in any pain, and does not note any discomfort. When asked where he feels weak, he points to his achilles tendon. Mom also notes that she has heard an occasional cough, which patient states his sister gave to him. Mom states that patient is up to date on his vaccinations, where he received his 3 shots at the end of September."
"Patient received High Dose influenza vaccine approximately 2 weeks ago from PCP. Family reports developed dizziness """"sometime"""" after vaccine administration and subsequently seen by ENT provider. Admitted to Medical Center 11/13/15 for possible stroke. On 11/17/15 seen by ID diagnosed with severe encephalitis. Hospital MRI of brain unavailable due to patient's large size. CSF with 24 WBCs, 97% lymphocytes, protein 91, glucose 58 on 11/15/15. CSF HSV PCR negative. Additional tests in process include PPD, heavy metal screen, Arbor virus serologies, serum cryptococcal antigen, HIV test. Prognosis very guarded to poor. Consider possible ADR flu vaccine-report FDA."""""
Pt developed acute weakness and pain in both legs prompting admission to hospital 10/25/15 - 11/6/15 MRI brain normal.
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 14-Dec-2015) concerns a 60 year-old male patient. On 12-Nov-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 0986-31601) via the intramuscular route on the right upper arm for prophylactic vaccination. On 02-Dec-2015, 21 days after vaccination, the patient developed oculomotor paresis on right side. The patient was hospitalised. On an unspecified date, the patient had nuclear magnetic resonance imaging (result: absent, unit: NA) and CSF test (cerebrospinal fluid test) (result: normal, unit: NA).  Treatment included manual: therapy, e.g. antiphlogistic drugs. The diagnosis/suspected diagnosis was supported by the following tests: MRT (magnetic resonance tomography), Cranial Nerve III, right [illegible]. The outcome was not recovered at the time of reporting. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The event required outpatient treatment and hospitalization. The event was not life threatening. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness: Serious. Hospitalization. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information, the event is unlisted. Causality: Possible. The event occurred with 21 days of vaccination. Paresis of cranial nerves may be secondary to immune-mediated reactions induced by the vaccine but literature on the mechanistic evidence for this is lacking. Furthermore, there is paucity of data to conclude causality, such as information on any other possible etiologies. In the absence of MRI findings, other causes of oculomotor paresis are preceding infection, autoimmune, hormonal or vascular diseases."
"Extreme pain at injection site upon injection, pain at injection 24/7 since injection."
Patient suffered sudden death based on his wife's statement. The event occurred 24 hours after the vaccine administration. There has been no medical examination to determine the cause of death or to establish relation to vaccine.
"Initial unsolicited report received from a physician via Pfizer-sponsored interventional study on 10-Dec-2015. Manufacturer Report Number: 2015378599. The case involves a 65-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a 0.5 ml intramuscular injection single dose of FLUZONE on 16-Oct-2015 at approximately 14:00 hours. The patient also received blinded therapy with non company drug however this product was not coded as it a non sponsored study. Patient's medical history included hypertension and hyperlipidemia both since Jan-2008, coronary artery disease (CAD) and atherosclerosis since 23-Mar-2009, herniated lumbar disc since 1990, insomnia since 1969 all were ongoing, a myocardial infarction with stenting on 23-Mar-2009, cholecystitis with cholecystectomy in 1989, alcoholism from 2000 to 2002 and hemorrhagic stroke from 11-Sep-2015 to 15-Sep-2015 and intermittent bilateral lower extremity edema from 27-May-2015 to 20-Sep-2015. The patient also had oedema peripheral from 27-May-2015 to 20-Sep-2015. Concomitant medications included Atorvastatin since 24-Oct-2013 from hyperlipidemia, Ibuprofen since 1990 for herniated lumbar disc, acetaminophen and diphenhydramine both since 1990 for insomnia, Trazodone since 22-May-2015 for insomnia, Lisinopril since 08-May-2015, Amlodipine since 13-Sep-2015 and Metoprolol tartrate since 14-Sep-2015 all three for hypertension, Furosemide since 11-Jun-2015 for intermittent bilateral lower extremity edema, and aspirin since 14-Sep-2015 for atherosclerosis all are ongoing. On 16-Oct-2015, at approximately 16:00-16:30 hours, the subject developed epigastric abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhea and was hospitalized on the same day. The event term was reported as acute pancreatitis. On 16-Oct-2015, upon arrival to the emergency room blood was collected and she was noted to have elevated lipase level at 2165 IU/L and 941 IU/L on 17-Oct-2015. On 17-Oct-2015, no acute findings were noted on the abdominal ultrasound and CAT scan. Patient received treatment with ZOFRAN 4 mg and Fentanyl 25 mg on 16-Oct 2015 and Famotidine 20 mg on 17-Oct-2015. The patient was discharged from the hospital on 17-Oct-2015 considered recovered on the same date. There was no action taken with the study medication in response to the event. The investigator reported there was not a reasonable possibility that the event, acute pancreatitis was related to the study medication or clinical trial procedure but was related to the concomitant drug, influenza virus vaccine polyvalent. Case Comment: In agreement with the investigator the company considered there was not a reasonable possibility that the event acute pancreatitis was related to the study medication or clinical trial procedure. The concomitant drug, influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, may provide a plausible explanation for the event. The follow-up information received does not alter the previous company clinical evaluation. List of documents held by  sender: none."
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable consumer reporting for herself. A 72-year-old female patient received of PREVENAR 13 and Flu, both on 18Nov2015 at single dose. Medical history and concomitant medications were not provided. Patient took pneumonia vaccine in the past. The patient's arm was itchy and she had a little fever on an unknown date after the vaccination. She also had some tenderness and redness. Patient was hospitalized due to fever, tenderness and redness. The consumer was treated with acetaminophen for pruritus, no treatment given for fever, tenderness and redness. Events resolved on an unknown date."
Double vision and drooping eyelid.
Throat swelled - went to ER.
"5 days after receiving FLUZONE, patient had a seizure at home and was subsequently admitted to hospital. EEG done in hospital showed abnormal activity temporal lobe and she had positive IgM mycoplasma. She was advised to see neurologist and take Rx antiepileptic medicine."
"Pt. felt tired days following administration. Pt discomfort increased to heaviness, numbness and pain in extremities. """"Guillain-Barre syndrome"""". Treatment - NSAIDS, steroids, pain meds."""""
Developed cellulitis in left arm.
Numbness and pins and needles sensation in legs that progressed upward. Guillain-BarrT syndrome diagnosed and plasmapheresis received.
3 days after administration patient develops fever and lethargy - ER visit after 4 days hospital admission 7 days after.
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 21-Dec-2015) concerns a 47-year old male patient. The patient has a medical history of (left) Achilles tendon rupture seven weeks prior for which he received low molecular weight heparin for the prevention of thrombosis until 28-Nov-2015 and was an ongoing smoker at a rate of three cigarettes per day.  On 27-Nov-2015, the patient was vaccinated with Afluria 2015/2015 (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, 0.5 ml dose, batch number: 098629703) via the intramuscular route. On 29-Nov-2015, the patient experienced pulmonary embolism (both sides), thrombosis of the lower right leg and acute dyspnea for which he was hospitalised from 29-Nov-2015 to 07-Dec-2015. The outcome was reported as not recovered. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The reporter assessed the events as serious (hospitalization) and possible in relation to the suspect drug.  The patient was hospitalised. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: hospitalization. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information, pulmonary embolism, thrombosis of legs and acute dyspnoea are unlisted. Causality: Unrelated. Time to onset is 3 days following vaccination. However patient had history of Achilles tendon rupture seven weeks prior (probable immobility) and was a smoker. Both are risk factors for thrombosis and subsequent embolism. Unlikely pathomechanism linking Influenza vaccination to hypercoagulable state, hence causality is considered unrelated in presence of other more significant risks."
"Began with on going high fevers, then was unable to walk to stand, became hypothmeric, and lethargic. Sent to hosp and admitted. Needed spinal tap, and many tests exposing him to much radiation. He is still having hypothermic temperatures and requiring on going tests."
Severe vertigo began 24 hours after flu shot. Pt woke up w/vertigo/dizziness. No nausea/vomiting. Must use a cane to walk now. Got flu vaccine 1 day after testosterone administration.
"Admitted to Hospital 12/20/15 acute resp. distress, HTN crisis, facial/cervical numbness. Reported GBS. Intubated, trach and PEG placed, plasma exchanges."
Pt reported infection at injection site.
"At onset: stiffness, pain, swelling, redness in arm. Next morning and for 36 hours following: fever, severe pain/stiffness/redness--which was spreading significantly--and swelling in arm. Difficulty in moving or lifting arm. Went to ER morning of Nov. 12 and diagnosed and treated for cellulitis. Kept in hospital for 36 hours for treatment and observation. At end of treatment, attending decided not cellulitis, but cellulitis-like reaction. Redness and swelling in arm remained for another full day."
Vaccine given 10/8/15. Patient's husband states patient had sore arm and neck within 2 days. Dr visit on 10/30/15. Paralysis from neck down.
Started with arm pain that got more and more painful and radiated to fingers and chest. She went into the ER on 1/3/16 in the morning to get chest pain checked out and was admitted to hospital for a day until the following evening to rule out heart attack which was negative.
"Upset stomach, weakness, dizziness. Patient drank fluids--broth and Gatorade. Symptoms continued for three days, with severe dizziness reported on third day."
"Numbness starting/worse in feet, extending up legs to chest. Incontinence. Poor balance, unsteady gait, two falls. Treatment w steroids and physical therapy (hosp.)."
"Patient reports that he had a massive gout attack. He said it happened in both legs, and 1 arm. Patient was unable to walk for 2 months. Patient believes the vaccine caused the gout attack."
"Intussusception, ileocolic and then on 12/26 small bowel intussusception."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer (patient's mother) on 29 December 2015. This case involves a 19-year-old male patient who was vaccinated with an intramuscular dose of FLUZONE (batch number UI450AD, expiration date 30 June 2016, dose and site of administration was not reported) on 18 September 2015. Illness at time of vaccination and pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions were reported as none. On an unspecified date, few days following the vaccination, the patient experienced hypotension,  dehydration, elevated heart rate, pneumonia and diarrhea. The patient required emergency room or physician visit. The patient was admitted in ICU for a week. Lab data were not reported. He was treated with IV fluids steroids and antibiotics. The patient was discharged from hospital on 7 October 2015. The outcome of events was reported as unknown. List of documents held by sender: none."
"I started experiencing pain in my back left thigh. I then had pain/tingling in my hands, and some in my feet. The pain in hands became unbearable, as did the pain in my back thighs. I had pain/tingling in my calves, some in my upper arms. The pain was so severe! I have never had such excruciating pain in my life. My hands felt as if they were freezing, but someone touched them, and to the touch, they weren't.  My feel were cold and tingling as well.  I had a little pain in my neck. I couldn't sleep because of the pain and didn't sleep for 5 nights. I was restless and my hands were in so much pain and felt ice cold to me."
"Had fever on 12-30-15 - 101 degrees F - mother gave MOTRIN. Went to ER - on 1-2-16 - fever and rash diagnosed as serum sickness, BENADRYL and Ibuprofen was given. 12/30/15 - Received Flu (Influenza vaccine) FLUZONE - UI1515AA Exp - 6/30/16 in her (R) thigh, intramuscular. 12/30/15 - At night got fever, mother gave MOTRIN or Ibuprofen. 12-31-15 - Fever and developed few lesions on her thigh. 1-2-16 - Fever and rash progressed. Went to ER where blood work and chest X Ray was done and sent home - allergic rash. 1-4-16 - Still with fever and swollen eyes - and BENADRYL not working, so steroids - prednisone 15mg/5ml. 5 ml PO BID x 5 days. 1-7-16 - patient was dizzy and not walking right - so was advised to go to ER - went to hospital where blood work was done and diagnosed as serum sickness and advised to continue steroids. 1-8-16 - Doctor called and she said eyes are red but no fever. So thought Kawasaki advised to take to ER (went to ER on 1-10-16) and diagnosed as Kawasaki and IVIG given on 1-11-16 and discharged on 1-12-16. Readmitted on 1-13-16 as fever and aspirin and bld wk."
NUMBNESS BOTTOM LEFT FOOT FROM KNEE TO FOOT. UNABLE KEEP OVERALL BODY BALANCE. CONSTIPATION. UNABLE CONTROL BLADDER.
"Flu and diarrhea from 4 to 11 Nov. 12 Nov. numbness in arms and legs. 13 Nov fell while walking, 14 Nov. couldn't stand. 15 Nov. unable to move, taken and admitted to hospital by ambulance."
"Case number PHHY2015US173497, is an initial spontaneous report from a physician received on 31 Dec 2015 and forwarded by a company (ADR 2016 00029) on 08 Jan 2016. This report refers to a 54 year old male patient. Historical condition was not reported. The pump implanted on 09 Mar 2005 and 05 Dec 2011. The patient underwent dialysis; inguinal lobectomy in 2009 and neck surgery in 2014. Concurrent conditions included quit tobacco in 2009, spinal cord injury, anemia nec, benign hypertension, chronic kidney disease stage III, diabetes type II NIDDM (non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus), diabetes type II uncontrolled, quality insulin dependent, esophageal reflux, hypertension, kidney disease ben without chronic kidney disease, bronchogenic, obstructive sleep apnea, other constipation neurogenic bowel, panic disorder (episodic paroxysmal anxiety) without agoraphobia, paraplegia, complete with spasticity of muscles, paraplegia complete with spasm, pressure ulcer, pressure ulcer of unspecified site stage 1 on scrotum, pressure ulcer stage IV left ischial tuberosity, renal failure on dialysis, renal osteodystrophy, type 2 diabetes mellitus with other specified complication unspecified kidney failure on dialysis, panic disorder episodic paroxysmal anxiety without agoraphobia, paraplegia, complete thoracic 4, drank alcohol rarely, never used illegal drugs and had drug allergy to SEPTRA and Metformin. The patient received LIORESAL intrathecal ampoule 500 ug/ml for the treatment of intractable spasticity from an unknown date at a dose of 140.03 mcg/day. It was reported that the lot number for the new LIORESAL was DS0092AN11; however the lot number for the LIORESAL involved in the event was unknown. The patient also received FLUVIRIN injection from 12 Dec 2013 at an unknown dose. The patient received FLUZONE on 21 Sep 2015 at an unknown dose. The patient received acetylsalicylic acid (manufacturer unknown) 325 mg for the treatment of an unknown indication from an unknown start date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (one tablet daily) (oral). The patient received atorvastatin tablet 10 mg for the treatment of an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (one tablet daily) (oral). The patient received Bupropion (unknown manufacturer) tablet 75 mg for the treatment of an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, BID (oral). The patient received CALMOSEPTINE for an unknown indication from an unknown date and dose via an unknown route. The patient received gabapentin (unknown manufacturer) capsule 100 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown date and dose via an unknown route. The patient received lisinopril (unknown manufacturer) tablet 40 mg for an unknown from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (oral). The patient received lorazepam (unknown manufacturer) tablet 01 mg for the treatment of panic attacks from 03 Dec 2015 at a dose of 1 DF, QHS (1 tablet, at bedtime as needed) via oral route. The patient received pantoprazole (manufacturer unknown) 40 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown start date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (1 delayed release tablet, daily) via oral route. The patient received calcium (manufacturer unknown) tablet 500 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, BID via oral route. The patient received COLACE capsule 100 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, QD via oral route. The patient received COMBIVENT for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 18 ug to 103 ug/actuation. The patient received NOVOLOG FLEXPEN 100 IU/ml for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 12 IU, TID, subcutaneously. The patient received oxybutynin chloride (unknown indication) extended release tablet 05 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (oral). CT scan was done on Sep 2010, chest, for lung cancer 2009. Test results showed HgbA1c level 6.5 3 months ago and believed he got one at dialysis,"
"Patient began having breathing issues 3 days after the vaccine.  Was admitted to the hospital and received breathing treatments and steroids.  Full recovery occurred.  The patient reports that the connection to the flu shot was questionable, according to the doctor."
"Became very dizzy, light headed, achy, and feverish."
"This spontaneous consumer report (initial receipt 13-Jan-2016) concerns a 60 year old female patient. The patient has a medical history of GERD, globus hystericus (reported as 'globus'), diphenhydramine allergy, amoxicillin allergy, hypertension and anxiety.  Prior vaccination with Afluria in Nov or Dec 2014 resulted in hives.  This reaction was treated with diphenhydramine to which she experienced an allergic reaction and was placed on prednisone which helped.  Concomitant medications include nebivolol, ranitidine, alprazolam, pravastatin and vitamin D. On 01-Dec-2015 at 09:30, the patient received Afluria (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number: unknown) via the intramuscular route for protection against the influenza virus.  On 01-Dec-2015 following influenza vaccination, the patient experienced headache and tiredness.  At 02:00 on 02-Dec-2015, the patient experienced pain in the back of her right leg and tingling on the right side of her face (also reported as occurring on 01-Dec-2015).  That same day, she went into work, was sent to ER/OT and was admitted to hospital for a mild/moderate allergic reaction.  Treatment comprised of prednisone (20 mg for 4 days) due to her diphenhydramine (Benadryl) allergy.  On 05-Dec-2015, the patient woke up with heart palpitations and called the ER doctor who told her to stop prednisone and take her alprazolam (Xanax).  On 11-Dec-2015, the patient returned to the ER for a rash that developed and palpitations.  The patient described it as hives.  The ER discharge noted acute anxiety and told her to continue alprazolam (Xanax).  She was also provided with an epinephrine which she has not used.  The patient stated white marks on her face and stomach but rash comes and goes.  The patient stated headache, tingling in face and leg pain comes and goes as well. The outcome was reported as not recovered. Linked case: 2016057877 (same patient). Reporter's Comments: n/a. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Hospitalisation. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information, acute anxiety and all other events are unlisted. Paraesthesia, headache rash and hives are listed. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is same day for headache and tiredness and next day for other events and 11 day for rash. Although the patient was treated with antihistamine and steroids events are not typical of type 1 allergic reaction. The case did not meet Brighton collaboration group definition for anaphylaxis due to delayed onset for rash and urticaria. History of anxiety was a probable factor in causation of palpitation rash and or events. Causality with vaccination cannot be completely excluded due to temporal association."
(02/16/2015) Back and leg pain especially on the left side. Foot pain when walking.  Lower left side back pain. (02/19/2015) Hard to walk and stand upright. PCP prescribed oral steroids. Unable to go to work. (02/25/2015) Pain progressed to inability to walk without assistance and total inability to use legs. Went to ER and was admitted.
Paralytic stroke like symptoms - required Intensive Care with airway intubation. Neurologist questioning if this is related to the flu vaccine.
"Sharp, burning pain at injection high on left shoulder. Within minutes, arm and shoulder were disabled and crippled. Condition has persisted since 10-17-15."
"PT said """"I feel really confused today"""". He had difficulty focusing on things. Couldn't remember recipe contents that he had cooked multiple times in the past. Wife noted other subtle changes in his mental status.   1 acute mental status change-sent patient to outside hospital for further evaluation.    While at outside facility had CT scan of the head was normal, CTA of the  carotids which was negative for significant blockage, was found to have  orthostatic hypotension, lisinopril was decreased, metoprolol tartrate dose was  changed from 25 mg daily metoprolol succinate 12.5 mg twice a day.  Developed rash over entire body approximately 36 hours after hospitalization, not sure if related to CT scan contrast for Prevnar or flu vaccine he received.  Saw non-VA PCP was treated with Solu-Medrol followed by a Dosepak. Blood sugars elevated due to this. He followed by non-VA PCP Also notified cardiology hospitalization was scheduled a 48 hour Holter monitor,  Feeling better other than the rash which is improving per patient and family."""""
"Severe pain at site, down arm and in shoulder. Finger also have pain. Pain at night cramping in arm - lost range of motion in arm. 2-visits to family Dr. X-Rays. Physical therapy. MRI. Visit to orthopaedic Dr two visits."
"1 week after getting shot, 2 weeks of bad headaches, fatigue, woke up during the night and I couldn't hardly turn over because of pain. Pain when raising arms, weakness and pain in legs. It has been 5 months since the shot and I am in a lot of pain everyday. My whole life has changed. Some days I get up feeling like I have been beat with a bat. Never had this before the PREVNAR 13 shot. I hope this is not permanent."
"Back pain started 12/26 lower back pain got progressively worse, on 12/29 leg weakness started, on 12/31 AM (R) fingers got numb, on 1/2 numbness started in (L) fingers, on 1/4 the left mouth drooped. Diagnosed with Guillain Barre on 1/5/16; IVIG started 1/5/16 at approx. 6 pm 5 days Ig received."
"Did not have cold - healthy before on 10/26/15 48 hours after shot given 10/26/15, I developed sudden extreme congestion choking wheezing for 3 days. Mucous was so viscous it would not come out - at times it could be pulled out in one long 24 inches string without breaking with bristles of toothbrush scraping the throat."
"10-1-15 present. Severe shoulder pain. Swelling, cellulitis. Very limited range of motion. MD visits and antibiotics, steroids, X-ray, anti-inflammatory. Steroid injection, MRI, physical therapy."
"Prior to 11/26 I noticed a strange sensation in my legs put not pain. More just sore to the touch and nerve sensors were off and my legs were always VERY cold for about a week prior to 11/26.  Then in 11/26 Woke up and noticed that most of my face was paralyzed.  I could not smile, or close my lips all the way or close my eyes all the way.  I went to the hospital where they did all kinds of tests to rule out Bells Palsy. All the tests came back negative but my face slowly got worse and now it was affecting both sides of my face.  Could not blink or smile etc.  No other symptoms.  After 1 week, the symptoms started to go away and I was diagnosed with a rare case of Guillain Barre Syndrome."
"My arm and shoulder where the shot was given began to hurt, which I thought was normal, until, over the next few weeks, the pain became excruciating, and I couldn't move it without intense pain.  Acupuncture (12/22?) took the pain down from a 10 to a 3, but then it started increasing again over the next few days.  Now, almost 2.5 months later, although the pain has decreased, it still hurts with a number of different movements, including trying to remove shirts.  I actually can't use it to disrobe; I can barely put pressure from my right arm to lift my left arm for this task.  This is completely ridiculous.  I am never getting another flu shot again.  Just for the record, I believe the pharmacist administering it did the best job she could, and I don't feel she was negligent."
"My wife is the subject of this report. I am writing this as an eyewitness to the events following her """"over 65"""" flu vaccine administered at approximately noon on Wednesday, November 4, 2015. My wife does have several health issues (mechanical heart valve, arthritis, pre-diabetic, lactose intolerant and high blood pressure which is under control and is on a number of medications which are attached for section 17). Prior to the administration of this vaccine, she was able to walk and was not feeling ill. I am not a doctor, so I will be using laymen's terms to describe this decline in her health during the afternoon and evening of November 4, 2015. Patient had a noon appointment for an """"over 65"""" flu shot on November 4, 2015. She was able to walk into the office and upon the completion of her visit was able to walk back to the car. Shortly thereafter, we returned to our home and she was able to walk into our house with no problem. During the afternoon, she progressively felt worse. Her first symptom was heartburn about an hour after her shot. Approximately 2-3 hours later she had intense chills to the point of having to have three blankets over her but still had chills, more heartburn, wheezing, difficulty breathing and irregular/rapid heartbeat. Toward the evening, she attempted to get up to go to the bathroom. She was so weak, especially in her lower back and legs, that she could not get up even with the assistance of a walker. Finally, with my help, we got her up to hold on to the walker. This was extremely difficult for her to do. I held on to her as she made her way to the bathroom which took a very long time. She got in the bathroom and on the toilet but again it was a very slow process. After being on the toilet, I attempted many times to help her stand up so she could hold on to the walker. As I was helping her get up, I was holding her under her arms but I just could not hold to her. With my hands under her arms, patient slowly dropped to the bathroom floor. At that point, I decided that we needed to call 911. At approximately 8:45 p.m., the ambulance arrived. They were able to get patient up and onto a chair and then onto a stretcher. Her blood pressure was elevated and she was having an irregular heartbeat, a rapid heartbeat and extreme weakness. When she arrived at the hospital, she did have a fever of 100.4 degrees as well as rapid heartbeat, irregular heartbeat and elevated blood pressure. Patient remained at hospital for seven days. Following patient's release from the hospital, she was admitted for rehabilitation. She spent three weeks there and received physical and occupational therapy. Following her stay, she received home care services for several weeks. She received, primarily, physical therapy to assist her with her balance and to strengthen her legs so she could walk without a walker. Currently, patient improved enough so that she no longer needs to use her walker unless her arthritis becomes a problem. Please note, that in the hospital/doctor's report, staff indicates that they did not feel that this was caused by the """"over 65"""" flu shot; however, we were both told by the admitting physician that he would not rule out that this could have been a reaction to the flu shot. Patient was told by at least one other hospitalist that what happened was a reaction to the flu shot which she received. She also has been told by two additional physicians that she is to no longer get the """"over 65"""" vaccine. As an eye-witness to this event, I am positive that the vaccine did create this severe reaction. Patient is now very concerned regarding receiving any flu shot in the future. This needs to be addressed by someone at VAERS or the CDC. We would also like to know if the flu strains were different from any other year. We would appreciate a call from someone at your office to explain this."""""
Tingling pains in hands and arms. Days later same tingling in legs and feet. Difficulty breathing; could not talk or grab/hold on to anything. Diagnosed with Guillain Barre Syndrome.
"PAIN IN BOTH SHOULDERS AND BOTH ARMS, AND HEADACHE THAT BEGAN DAY FOLLOWING VACCINATION AND WORSENED DAILY.  PAIN IS ACUTE AT NIGHT AND INTERFERES WITH SLEEP. LOSS OF STRENGTH AND MOBILITY IN BOTH ARMS AND CONTINUOUS PAIN IN JOINTS, MUSCLES, SHOULDERS AND BACK."
"Bilateral lower extremity weakness x 4 days approximately 3 weeks after receiving vaccination. Approximately 3 weeks after vaccination she noticed a numb (thick) sensation in her toes. In the ensuing days the numbness ascended to her knees and began to involve the forearms and hands as well as her lips. Concurrent with the numbness  or shortly thereafter, the limbs also became weak. She has also noted some weakness with speaking. She reports having some accidents with urinating and no recent bowel movements. She reports feeling short of breath.  Reduced knee reflexes, subjective loss of sensation in a stocking and glove pattern.Considerable give-way weakness and apparent reduced effort; with encouragement and full effort, she was able to give 5/5 strength in all muscle groups."
Numbness to feet that traveled to arms nausea weakness back pain  hospitalization with diagnosis of Guillain Barre syndrome.
"Persistent left shoulder pain after flu shot 9/21/15. The pain has never stopped. I have difficulty moving my left arm. I have received treatment from 3 MDs, including medications, sling, injection, PT and weight restrictions etc."
Rapid heart beat vomiting diarrhea chronic throat infection with growth in throat.
10/04 unstable walking. 10/05 went to family doctor as walking. 10/06 taken to ER not able to stand and was admitted to hospital. 10/07 diagnosed with GBS and transferred to another hospital.
10/27/15 - immunized 11/14/15 / 11/17/15 - hospital admission > severe diarrhea/dehydration.
"I have never had any problem with my annual Flu shot. On Sept 9, 2015 I was given the high dose shot because of my age. This was not an allergic reaction, but days of weakness and full body pain which gradually abated. 6 mo later I still have pain in that arm and lack full range of motion!"
"Tingling in toes which progressed over the next few days to muscle aches in the patient's calves, legs, and arms.  This gradually progressed to muscle weakness and difficulty going up stairs.  An EMG was done as an outpatient and was highly suspicious for Guillain-Barre, at which point patient was referred to the hospital for definitive diagnosis and treatment. Spinal tap was positive for high protein levels.  Patient received IVIG (Carimune 96 gm daily x 2 days)."
Family believes since his PCV13 given his blood count decreased.
Was made aware of patient reaction 2/25/16. Patient says she had a fever and wasn't feeling good. She was admitted in hospital due to infection/reaction to vaccines.
"Pt evaluated in clinic on 12/7/15 for rash. Petechiae had been present and increasing for 3 days. He was found to have platelets of 20,000 and was referred to Hemo/Onc for further evaluation and management. He has been followed by hematology and diagnosed with ITP. His platelet counts are slowly improving but not fully recovered."
"Muscle weakness, multiple myositis complaints. Myositis confirmed by EMG and muscle biopsy pending."
"Got extremely sick, uncontrolled puking, diarrhea. Admitted to the hospital. 2 weeks later. On Dec. 11 I woke up with dizziness, and many neurological symptoms. I have not worked since Dec. 15th. My Neurologist diagnosed with a post infectious phenomenon. Directly relates it to the flu vaccine. Still suffer to this day."
"Started with losing bladder control, catheter in, week later had paralysis of legs."
"Based on additional information received on 26 February 2016, this case initially considered as non-serious was upgraded to serious due to seriousness criteria: disability. Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 18 January 2016. This case involves 72-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Fluzone HD (batch number not reported) intramuscularly in the right deltoid on 18 October 2015. The patient's pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions were not reported and she had no illness at time of vaccination. The patient's concomitant medications were not provided. On 24 October 2015, six days following the vaccination, the patient had experienced numbness, pins and needles feeling, burning type pain in her right leg from the knee to toes and foot drop on the right foot. The patient required ER/doctor visit. Laboratory data was not reported. The patient had received physical therapy as corrective treatment. The outcome of events was reported as not recovered. Follow up information received from a consumer on 26 February 2016 and additional information received on 03 March 2016. Batch number was updated as UI481AA. Pre-existing physician-diagnosed allergies, birth defects, and medical conditions was reported as scleroderma (crest), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), Esophageal Cancer, hypothyroid. The patient did not experience any adverse event prior to vaccination. She did not receive any other vaccinations within 4 weeks prior to date of vaccination. Concomitant medications included Anastrozole 1 mg daily, Calcium 1200 mg daily with """"vitamin D"""", Cyclobenzaprine 5 mg with at bed time, Prolia 60 mg for 6 month """"for 6 MO"""", Furosemide 40 mg daily as needed, Levothyroxine 125 mcg daily, Omeprazole 40 mg daily, Ranitidine 150 mg daily at bed time, Tramadol 5 mg """"as needed"""" pain, Temazepam 15 mg as needed for sleep, sucralfate four times a day. On 29 October 2015, 10 days following the vaccination, the patient had experienced numbness and foot drop. It was reported that, permanent disability resulted on 21 February 2016 and by the time of reporting, patient still had a problem. The patient had a doctor visit on 28 October 2015, she visited a neurologist on 30 Nov 2015, a neurosurgeon on 02 December 2015 and began physiotherapy. Laboratory data included brain MRI (On 02 November 2015), Spine MRI, lower extremity with Doppler, Ultrasound RT. On 10 December 2015, Electromyography was performed. The patient had not recovered from foot drop and numbness. List of documents held by sender: none. Sender's Comments: Foot drop is unlisted with INFLUENZA USP TRIVAL A-B HIGH DOSE SUBVIRION VACCINE whereas numbness, burning leg and tingling is listed. Time to onset seems to be compatible with a role of the vaccination. Complementary information regarding the patient's condition at the time of the events, medical history and investigations exploring alternative etiologies are needed to further assess the case."""""
Generalized aches and pains in muscles and very fatigued for around 10 days after high dose flu shot. Lateral aspect of left in arm at site of injection resulted pain similar to tendinitis. Could not lift or pick up anything with left arm. Went for acupuncture but that did not work still have pain. Been taking ALEVE and TYLENOL. Never had reaction to low or single dose prior to this double dose.
Received shot to right shoulder.  It was painful and the pain has never left. Pain continued to increase until right arm is painful and can no longer be used for every day activities.
"Swelling at site and soreness. It progressed to sensitivity to touch, loss of range of motion without pain, and at this point the pain goes from the shoulder to the fingers. I am unable to sleep on that arm without pain and it is difficult to put that arm into a sleeve or reach for anything without experiencing pain. It also prevents me from doing any needlework that brought me great pleasure."
Child found deceased.
"Constant ache, on shot site - every day sometimes can't lift arm - at least 2x a wk - sometimes I get a really bad cramp and can't lift arm. Use a small vibrator till cramp stops take ibuprofen for ache."
"10/21/15 Malaise. Symptoms continued until hospitalized on 11/10/15 with high fever. 11/17/15 Went to doctor - still having low fever, malaise and ear pain. Hospitalized 11/18/15 weakness, paralysis."
"Started with numbness in toes that progressed to numbness in feet, legs, and hands. The numbness then progressed to excruciating pain to extremities, chest, and face. I became extremely weak and could not walk without assistance. I was admitted to the hospital and diagnosed with Guillain Barre Syndrome and received IVIG treatment."
"I began to develop a severe tingling/electrical feeling in my left leg on Oct 23rd.  Several days later the same feeling began in my right leg and then by Oct 31, 2015 my arms and legs. In addition pain has developed across all extremities.  Symptoms remain to present day (March 19, 2016). I have been clinically diagnosed with peripheral neuropathy and there appears to be no cure to my current condition."
I have been in constant pain with my left arm which has caused me severe limitations.
Had a 4 minute seizure within 2 hours after the flu shot. He has had 4 other seizures to date.
"In late Oct or Nov I felt lump under right toes left. Pin and needles in feet. Lower legs weak couldn't walk as far w/o rest. Painful """"shocking"""" hand shakes, coffee cup got too heavy to lift with right hand. Burned hand on broiler. Paralysis started 2-28-16."""""
"Onset of tingling and numbness about 10 days, post flu shot, then start in his feet/toes and then progressed to the fingers and hands. Progressed up the left arm and shoulder. Legs became weak and seem unable to have the strength to walk up down stairs. No fever, chills. No SOB, dysphagia."
"4 to 5 hrs following vaccine injection, patient developed severe chills, B.P. plummeted, temp. spiked to 104 degrees - 105 degrees. Emerg. transport to E.R. Once stabilized was admitted to CCU. Suffered a set back. Treated for septic shock, Congestive Heart Failure, pneumonia, etc. Hospital 13 days - P.T. 9 days."
"She had been in her crib sleeping. Heard a cry from her room around 9 am. Entered her room to find her on her stomach in the crib, wide eyed, convulsing, blue in the face and gasping for air. Removed her from crib and convulsions ceased, still unresponsive, tight muscles, turned darker shade in the face and was still gasping. Shortly after went completely limp, no sign of life. Performed CPR and was able to get her breathing again. Went to the ER where blood tests and CT scan came back clear. Was told she had suffered a Grand Mal seizure. EEG several days later came back normal. Started noticing Myoclonics. Had another Grand Mal April 6 around noon, lasted around a minute. Had 2 more Grand Mals April 7. First around 10 seconds at 5am and the second lasted over 2 min around 6 pm. Drastic increase in Myoclonics after the Grand Mals. Was diagnosed as Epileptic and has since started anti convulsion medication. Myoclonics and possible absence seizures are still recurring."