Insomnia.
"Itchy rash on feet, trunk and face."
"Coughing, wheezing, chest pressure, difficulty breathing, rapid heart rate. Received Albuterol via inhaler, 50mg Benadryl, Medrol 4mg."
Incredibly injected conjunctiva and high fever with chills. Headache and malaise. Onset was nearly instantaneous and began with a cough and throat swelling 2.5 hours after vaccination for influenza (IM administration).
Episode of syncope occurred minutes after vaccine was administered. Pt laid on floor and elevated feet. No trouble breathing or seizures. Waited approximately 15 minutes and was well enough to leave with her father.
"Pt had swollen right arm w/some fevers within 12 hrs of receiving Pneumovax and Flu in R arm, and Tdap in L arm. Pt took osome ibuprofen, sxs less today (3 days after incident). No resp difficulty. No drainage from wound."
Child inadvertently given wrong influenza vaccine.  Should have gotten 3 years and up was given 6 months to 36 months.
"Patient received immunizations immediately after leaving room to wait in lobby, pt's mom informed us she was near fainting. Applied ice packs to forehead and base of neck, had pt lay down, elevated legs.  Patient recovered w/in 20 minutes to be able to go home with mother."
"Severe headache, slight fever, shakiness, pain around injection site, swelling around injection site, redness, pain through entire arm."
"Extreme fatigue, low grade fever (AM) hives on legs and trunk, rapid breathing, fever of 104.2 (hives, high fever onset approx 8pm).  Contacted doctors office. On-call NP advised administering Advil/Tylenol and monitor. Administered 5ml liquid Tylenol every 4 hours through the night. Fever persisted through approx. 7am. Fever broke and child has returned to normal."
"Red, swollen, warm to touch at injection site. 5 cm induration. Itchy R arm Subq-MMR."
"Patient called on 1-4-15 stating arm that pneumonia vaccine was given in has been sore since injection was given so painful she could not lift arm. Today a red ring developed about 3 inches. 1-7-15 arm has improved, did not call doctor."
Inflammation at injection site about the size of a golf ball. No other apparent distress. Area was iced for about one hour. Inflam. decreased to 1/4 or 1/3 of original size before pt. left.
"TONGUE SWELLING, RASH, TROUBLE BREATHING."
"Started with the chills and sore throat progressed to a fever with muscle aches, head ache, running nose joint pain."
"A large, round, red inflamed area around the Afluria 2014-2015 infection site.  Very warm to the touch with an itching and burning sensation and the formation of dozens of tiny fluid filled blisters which cracked open upon scratching and then become crusty."
Excessive sleepiness. She slept for 11 hours which is very usual for her.
"He threw up once at 7:00pm and then again at 8:30pm. He had a low grade fever, and has had diarrhea twice once last night and once this morning."
"Redness, swelling, and pain over injection site and extending 4-5 centimeters out from injection site."
"Face felt prickly and noticed face red and warm lasted about 30 minutes. Resolved on own, No treatment necessary No further problems."
"Swelling, Redness, Pain, Itching at injection site."
"Tenderness noted at 0700 on 01/08/15 and then at 0700 on 01/09/15 area was noted to be swollen, red, and warm. Swelling noted to be 40 mm in diameter at 1430 on 01/09/15."
"Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea"
"Severe muscle aches- particularly in neck and shoulders.  Slight fever, sore throat and diahrea."
"Left arm was hurting just before bedtime on 01/07/15 but she didn't get up and look at it in the mirror. Next day couldn't get bp reading at dr office, nurse & doctor documented problem."
"Severe coldness and violent tremors for about two hours, and 100 deg. fever all that night."
"Nausea and stomach pain, in waves similar to food poisoning, but not as severe, and without vomiting. Also headache."
"Pt walked back into pharmacy following day after the shot administered (11: 00 AM on 1/6/15). Left arm was noticeably red, elevated hive, warm to touch. Recommended BENADRYL and to see MD. Contacted physician left message."
Left deltoid 4x4cm induration from flu.
"Maculopapular skin rash in face, scalp and trunk. No mucosal rash, no anaphylaxis, one day fever on 1/7/15."
"Patient broke out in a rash just on legs/thighs, not on immunization site. She is not sure if from shot. She never has had a reaction before. She has broken out into hives before due to cold weather. Patient taking ZYRTEC and BENADRYL."
"After approx 15 minutes, 1/2 dollar size welt at injection site, ice applied and decrease to quarter size within 10 minutes - no SOB, rash or other assoc symptoms."
Patient became pale and had an episode of syncope for 5 sec. Then patient tensed up and arms shook for 5 seconds. Patient then became alert and layed on table until stable enough to sit up. Patient was observed for 20 min before leaving the office.
Pt had large red/warm to touch injection site reaction from shoulder to elbow. Pt had fever and runny nose. Pt saw physician. Exact cause of fever and runny nose undetermined. No infection in arm.
Pt. developed rash with the flu vaccine on the injection site.
"Headache, body aches. Same symptoms next day but added malaise."
Swelling and itchiness at injection site.
"Heart racing, weakness, tightening of throat."
Acute drop in glucose level (my blood sugar dropped to < 60 after completing my lunch) with no other mitigating factors.
"Runny, stuffy nose and occasional cough."
"Patient noticed bump on his left arm later the same day following vaccine. Swelling has increased, and area has been itchy. Patient has been afebrile. Appt on 1/7/15 for vaccine reaction. Prescribed hydroxyzine for itching. Next appt 1/14/15."
Pain in arm and swelling shoulder to hand.
"Pt had vaccines 1/9 afternoon, woke in the middle of the night/early AM 1/10 with shaking chills, severe pain, and nausea. Given VICODIN and ZOFRAN for symptoms. Still with severe pain/headache on 1/12/15."
"Pt. reports approx 8PM she started feeling itchy and developed hives on her face, legs and at the injection site. She took a ZYRTEC tablet symptoms diminished and were fully gone by the next morning."
Patient received vaccination after discussing with her about egg sensitivity. Her MD requested she receive shot. Pt came back to the pharmacy shaking and crying. We sat her down and had her take deep breaths and focus. She didn't continue to calm so we called 911 for assistance. They determined she was having a panic attack and eventually sent her home.
"FEVER SLIGHTLY OVER 100 DEGREES. HEADACHE. UPSET STOMACH. AS OF TODAY (1/12/15), PATIENT'S SYMPTOMS ARE GONE WITH EXCEPTION OF A LOW GRADE FEVER. PATIENT DID NOT RECEIVE MEDICAL TREATMENT FOR EVENT."
"STATES AWOKE NAUSEATED AT MIDNIGHT, NOTED SWELLING TO RIGHT SHOULDER W/ TENDER LYMPH NODES NOTED UNDER RIGHT CLAVICLE.  ENTIRE RIGHT ARM TENDER. NO SWELLING NOTED TO INJECTION SITE."
Seizure like activity x 4 mins upon waking.
"SIRVA Shoulder Injury from Vaccine. Flu shot in right arm was administered high on the deltoid. Hurt a great deal. Followed a few hours later with intense pain and limited range of motion that interfered with daily activity. Continuing for 8 days, with lessening pain and gradual increased ROM. Took Advil and applied warm compresses on Day 2."
Patient given Fluarix instead of Tdap vaccine.  Patient had received Fluvirin on 9/19/14.  Dr. notified of event.  No treatment necessary.  Patient called and informed of above.
"Pt's mother called in for a phone triage c/o rash on pt - small, red, itchy bumps that started on pt's neck and spread to trunk of back, mother stated it looks like a heat rash. Mother denied pt having a fever, difficulty breathing, and any other s/s. No new foods, soaps, lotions have been introduced that mother is aware of. Pt had MMRV, flu, Hep A 10 days ago. Advised mother may be an allergic reaction, give pt cool bath w/ Aveeno, baking soda, or oatmeal. Advised of UC/ER precautions, mother stated she will bring pt into UC. Left msg advised of Children's BENADRYL 12.5 mg/tsp, 1 tsp by mouth every 6 hours based on pt's age, clarified by RN."
"Baby was uncomfortable. Took temp to find that it was 103.0  Even with Tylenol, it has been hard to bring down. Her nose also began running today."
1-9-15 Client phoned health unit to complain of left arm pain that started 4 to 5 hours after receiving flu shot. She took inflammation and pain med. Next day c/o lower back pan and left arm pain. Rub - ICY HOT on lower back. Today 1-12-15 still c/o being a little sore to left arm and back.
Severe low back and leg pain down both legs to ankles resolved in 2-3 days.
All over body redness/rash. Warm itchy feeling all over.
"Chest pain, SOB, near syncope. Lasted 10 min."
"Had flu shot 1/5/2015. 2 days later noted sore lymph node same arm as shot. Node increased pain and size. Said fever 101.2 on 1/8/15. 1/9/15 saw doctor - was told """"caused by shot"""". Given prednisone."""""
Severe pain and generalized swelling in right upper arm.  No redness or localized swelling.  Patient noticed this pain 24 hours injection of Fluzone and Pnu-Immune vaccines in right upper arm.
Tdap (ADACEL) given to LD on 1/12/15 had previous Tdap on 6/21/2012.
Pt given incorrect vaccine. Wanted BOOSTRIX and was administered FLUVIRIN PF.
Local allergic reaction: pink patch of indurated itchy skin.
Patient called the pharmacy inquirying what were the typical adverse events after receiving a Pneumovax and influenza vaccine. She said that she was found on the floor passed out after vomiting after she had returned home from receiving the vaccines.
Bloody phlegm; coughing blood; nose bleeding
High fever to 104.7 rectal
PATIENT STATED THAT IN HIS RIGHT ARM HE HAD SHARP PAIN AT THE SIGHT OF THE INJECTION AND IS CURRENTLY HAVING SOME PAIN.  HE STATED HE HAD SOME NUMBNESS OR TINGLING IN HIS RIGHT HAND AND CURRENTLY HAS LIMITED MOBILITY AND NOT ABLE TO COMPLETELY LIFT HIS RIGHT ARM WITHOUT ASSISTANCE.  PATIENT STATES THIS HAS BEEN ONGOING SINCE 1/7/2015 AND HAS NOT RESOLVED.
"Rash on neck, back and legs."
Patient reported localized pain and stiffness at administration site as well as swelling in the axillary region starting the evening following administration. The Morning of 1/19/15 the patient reported swelling of the left side of face and upper lip. She did not report any difficulty breathing. The patient went to her primary care physician and received a steroid shot as well as a prescription for a steroid dose pack. She was also instructed to take diphenhydramine.
1.5 inch area of erythema. Raised and warm to touch. Tender. Located on left upper thigh.
"Burning and swelling of tongue with metallic taste, hives body wide, chest congestion, runny nose, stiff neck, no normal bowel movement for 11 days."
"Vaccine reaction (varicella). Symptoms include fever and rash - scattered papules and pustules on trunk, face and back."
Red patchy area that is growing larger and warm to the touch.
"Large area of erythema around three injection sites on right anterior thigh, approx. 25 cm x 20 cm. Warm to touch. One small area on right thigh around on of the two injection sites approx 2 cm x 3 cm. BENADRYL given in office and parent told to repeat every 6 hours as needed. ZYRTEC or CLARITIN 10 mg daily."
Fever of 103
"Patient describes as arthritis pain at elbow in arm where vaccine was given. """"Very painful"""", not a light ache. Usually doesn't complain about mild pain, but this was very painful. Upon follow-up on 1/20/15, pain was still present but has improved. Slight swelling. Experienced sleep loss due to pain while he was sleeping. Patient took acetaminophen upon recommendation from pharmacist."""""
"Pt walked in to clinic with c/o eyes itching and not feeling right.  Eyes red, swelling of eyelids, facial rash and hives.  Dizziness, weakness, dry mouth, throat feeling tight, phlegm in throat and heavy chest.  Dr. worried about impending anaphylactic reaction.  Pt received the following injections : Benadryl, Solu-Cortef, and epipen and was monitored until determined stable."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 13 January 2015. A 70-year-old female patient had received a second intramuscular dose of FLUZONE (lot number, site of administration not reported) on 02 January 2015. The patient reported that she had pre-existing allergies to corn, molds and flu vaccine. Illness at time of vaccination was reported as none and she had no major medical illnesses. She did not receive any other vaccinations within 4 weeks of vaccination received on 02 January 2015. On 03 January 2015, """"one day or so"""" after she received the vaccine, the patient stated that she started to feel bad. She experienced stuffy nose, nausea, blurred vision, diarrhea and dizziness. She also felt very nervous. She did not consult her doctor at the time of the report but said she will. She reported that """"her daughter was sick last week with stomach issues so she was not thinking much about it"""". It was also mentioned that """"years ago, she had received a flu shot after which she experienced arm swelling and fever"""". She was told not to receive another flu vaccine but her doctor told her """"it's changed a lot since then and she had it last year no problem"""". Outcome was reported as unknown. Documents held by sender: none."""""
"Two (2) hours after AFLURIA administered, patient began to experience shortness of breath. Patient went to hospital for treatment. Patient was given steroids. EKG, Xray and ultrasound of unborn baby performed. Discharged with prescriptions for VENTOLIN and prednisone."
"Upper left arm tender, swollen and red."
Swelling at injection site 5 hrs. after flu injection. Syncope episode 5 hrs post immunization. Pain with swelling. Rx ibuprofen and an antihistamine.
"1/11/15 pt went to doctor with hives and headache.  She returned to Dr on 1/13/15 with pharyngeal swelling and was treated with epinephrine, Decadron and Benadryl."
"Dad noticed pt's arm was red, warm to the touch, & had approx. a 3"""" """"blotchy"""" area. Said the injection site was swollen & raised."""""
Patient received flu shot on 1/9/15 and complained of ongoing arm discomfort to us on 1/20/15.
"Three red raised welts on R upper arm/lateral deltoid area. No distal erythema, deformity, edema, clubbing, or cyanosis in the R UE."
Patient had a febrile seizure and was taken to the ER.
"Flu shot administered 1-13-15. A.M. of 1-14-15 C/O numbness/tingling in hands but quickly resolved. Participated in swim practice 1-14-15 and (L) arm """"flapping"""" occurred. States would not stop unless she squeezed a stress ball. Did not occur during sleep. 1-15-15 Lifted weights and participated in swim practice. 1-16-15 ER. Told it was """"stress"""" related."""""
Developed tremor 24 hr after receiving vaccine. Pt seen 1/15/15 and reports tremor improving.
"Shivering, violent trembling, fever, chills - lasting nearly 4 days; also complete loss of appetite, achiness, lack of energy, loss of bladder control - lasting about 7 days."
"The patient said he felt bad the evening after recieving the vaccine. The patient woke up on 1/18/15 at about 3am and felt bad. later in the morning patient reported headache, stiff neck, and felt exhausted, felt tired and reported he just felt like he was getting sick. Patient said he felt better the evening of 1/18/15."
Red and swollen area around injection site and arm.
9 day old baby came in for first visit. Was going to grab the Hepatitis B vaccine and mistakenly grabbed the FLUARIX 0.5 ml vaccine. I did not realize it at that time but about 20-30 minutes later I called CDC info and state Health Department. Called father with what had happened and information given to us.
"72 hours of loss of appetite, weak, headache, stuffy nose and sinuses, nocturnal coughing and sneezing. Insomnia, low grade fever."
Pt is experiencing ongoing shoulder pain well beyond area of vaccination.
Cellulitis. Allergic Rx (L) thigh with yellow blister like lesion at site of vaccine like bug bite with erythema to inner thigh 3d after vaccine.
Low grade fever that responds to TYLENOL. 5th dose of DTaP was given 2 months after 4th dose.
"Red Eyes, swollen palete under tongue and cough. Treatment -IV and medication at home: diphenhydramine, famotidine, prednisone."
"Fainting and possible seizure, paleness sweating. Visit to ER via ambulance."
"This spontaneous consumer report (initial receipt 15-Jan-2015) concerns a 63 year old female patient. The patient had medical history of an allergy to mercury. On 02-Jan-2015, the patient received intramuscular AFLURIA (batch number 'T511708') at 0.5 ml annually. This was the first time the patient received the flu shot. The patient did not receive seasonal influenza vaccine or monovalent 2009 H1N1 vaccine in the past. On 02-Jan-2015, after the injection, the patient experienced redness, swelling, bruising and a hot to touch bump, where the shot was administered. The patient described the bruise as 4 inches in length and 2 inches wide. Later, her arm could not move or rotate and she felt tingling in her hands - both of which caused her difficulties in getting dressed. Two days later, she felt pressure and burning when trying to urinate. Approximately three days later, she had a temperature of 103 degrees Fahrenheit fever. She also experienced a severe headache and nausea and could not eat or drink. This caused her to be dehydrated and she also passed a kidney stone recently. She saw the physician for kidney stone. The patient received treatment with acetaminophen for fever and headaches from the 02-Jan-2015 until 07-Jan-2015 which did not alleviate her symptoms. The patient also received treatment for kidney stones. The outcome was reported as not yet recovered (recovering but not fully recovered), except for the event of arm could not move or rotate and hand tingling which resolved on 07-Jan-2015. Reporter comments: The reporter causality/relatedness was assessed as related. The patient required consultation with a doctor but no admission to hospital to hospital emergency department."
"Seen in office on 1.22.15 1:30 pm for generalized hives. No fever or other illness noted. BENADRYL 12.5mg/5ml, 2.5 ml every 6 hours given. Hives resolved 1.23.15 in evening."
None stated.
Patient reported day of (2 hours after) immunization that he had pain radiating down the vaccinated arm. He called again 1-19-15 complaining of continued pain.
Pt has a red and swollen area on her left shoulder it is warm. She also is having some nausea.
Patient got a rash on her face and eyes.  No irritation at injection site.  She had also received a Pneumovax immunization at her dr's office before coming to the pharmacy.
"Pain at injection site, body weakness, malaise, sleeping for five days, extreme muscle pain on day four and five, legs very weak on day three four and five."
"Flu vaccine given intradermal on 1/26/15: 1/27/15 = about 50 mm x 50 mm erythema with slight edema to (L) deltoid c/o #2-3/no tenderness on palpation: Tx= TYLENOL 325-650 mg po wtih 8hs PRN for pain. Warm compress on site x 15 mts. Application, TID."
"No pain after injection. Later in evening left shoulder achy. Saturday morning - left side stiff, achy up neck to the ear and down left arm to the middle finger. Later Saturday right side of jaw locked up (hx TMJ). Patient took ALEVE and rested. Symptoms decreasing over next few days. Mild achy on Wednesday 1/21/15."
"Patient took dose or oral typhoid. After using this had some itching of medial right eye.  Prior to this had not noticed any problems.  Then used Zomig as pt awoke this am with migraine headache (has tolerated for several years).  Began to feel itchy around left lip, then began to swell. This began around after having coffee and toast. Pt had used vaccine 1/2 hour before breakfast.   Sense of lip swlling; puffiness.  Flu vaccine given 5 days ago; Hep A vaccine (2nd dose) 5 days ago. DX: Angioedema -  new onset angioedema after using oral typhoid vaccine this morning."
"Pt had reaction (local swelling and erythema) about 6 hours after receiving the flu shot and pneumovax over the left arm. Left arm had indurated, warm, erythematous plaque 17 X 15.5 cm texas shaped rash.  Feeling ok now with minimal pain. She is monitoring the redness as well. No loss of function either. Patient given diphenhydramine prn for itching, swelling and pain."
"Dizziness, then redness and pain at injecion site, later in the day progressed to severe headache and neck and back pain, spreading to ribs and it hurts to breathe.  I am still having a lot of pain and headache. They gave me the Flu vaccine for age 65 and older."
"Rash starting on anterior trunk in chest region and spreading rapidly to entire trunk, anterior and posterior, then neck, then face and proximal arms and legs.  Nonpruritic.  No URI symptoms.  No fever.  Just a little irritable."
Fever of 102.0 (reported via patient). Left arm pain/shoulder pain. Mild nausea (intermittent).
"Shakiness, nausea, dizziness, vomiting, extreme body aches, headache, cough, low grade fever first day, high fever 102.7 second day. Went to hospital second day approx. 4:00 PM, had IV drip, medication for fever. Fever finally down at approx. 8:30 PM, then discharged."
"Fatigue and body and head aches began about 3 hrs post vaccination and lasted > 24 hrs. Also about 3 hrs post, had slightly sore throat and tickle w/ cough, and scratchy eyes that later seeped and got crusty - lasted a few hours."
"It was about 10-15 minutes after flu vaccine was given to patient, she and her mother were in the lobby to schedule a follow up and patient passed out while standing next to her mother, fell backwards and hit head on floor."
"Complained about severe pain in (R) arm with redness/swelling. Pain went into armpit and glands. Had sharp pain in legs, hands that night. Stay awake all night with extreme salivating. Unable to walk or call for help (confused)."
"Rash on abdomen, face, neck and back."
"18 to twenty days after VARIVAX #1, pt developed 5-6 lesions which look varicelliform. No other symptoms."
Given expired HIB vaccine (exp 12/7/14). MOC informed. Doctor informed.
"6 x 7 cm swelling with redness, warmth, pain to (L) deltoid."
SEVERE PAIN UNDER LEFT ARMPIT-SAME SIDE AS VACCINATION.
Swelling of both feet.
"Swollen, red itchy eyelids, ears and hands 10 minutes after vaccines. No respiratory or GI symptoms."
"Initially left arm became extremely painful at injection site. Then within an hour it was bright red raised round in-duration approximately 4 in across. Swelling increased with the evening over the injection site, raising the deltoid area. Extreme itching began in the left axilla. Pain radiated down the left arm into the thumb. Pain radiated up the left side of the neck making it difficult to turn or move head without pain.  Headache began by evening aggravated by neck pain. By night I ached all over and joints especially. By the next morning a butterfly rash appeared across my face and then began to peel like a sunburn. By the evening of the next day my arms were flushed, dry, rashy but no peeling.  I dealt with the pain with Tylenol and Advil.  This shot is mandatory for hospital work.  I would not ever want this again. Give me the flu instead."
Tender red indurated area 8 by 16 cm surrounding injection site on right anterior thigh.
"Immunization (PROQUAD) given in (L) arm. At injection site mom states there is a welt in the middle with smaller red welts around site. Arm swollen, red, slightly painful to touch initially."
"Patient described a serious headache occurring about an hour after the vaccination when the patient had arrived at home. She stated that she started itching all over her body and felt sick. She did not describe a rash or shortness or breath. This reaction was not observed by any healthcare provider, and was not reported to the pharmacist until 2/3/15."
Rec'd flu vaccine 1/29 seen in our office 1/31 immun site on (L) arm 3x4cm area of erythema just inferior to injection site. Temp 102 - no streaking. Dx cellulitis prescribed clindamycin x 10 days.
"Patient had vasovagal episode in which patient lost consciousness. Vitals remained stable, patient given ice pack, laid down, given PO fluids."
"Slight fever, restlessness, pain in both legs, right greater than left. No injection site reaction noted. Bilateral strength intact. No PCP. Referred to clinic."
"ITCHY RIGHT AWAY  -Today is 2-5-15. On Jan 17 to now. Dry painful eyes, severe stiffness in back and stomach and bloat. Shoulder pain, muscle tremors and muscle spasms in legs move to arms stomach back and neck. My BP up and down as well as sugar -BP low as 100/50. Always cold but low temp. No blood work has been conclusive of what is the issue. I have never had these issues -I work out every day. This has halted me to a stop for 2 weeks. My muscle hurt so bad in groin legs and back stomach when even attempting one hour of cardio and no weights."
"Red, warm, swollen area of right thigh after recent vaccine. Dx: cellulitis of (R) thigh. TX: BACTRIM oral 10 days."
"Left shoulder pain in joint. Decreased ROM, numbness, tingling in left arm, pain 8/10, painful through to reporting on Tuesday, symptoms decreasing now (over weekend total arm rest, ice and anti-inflammatories)."
"Red dots next to vaccine site. Hot to the touch and fever developed, pt unable to straighten left leg."
Increasing warmth and redness at injection site. Given 1/31/15.
"Rash, itching and swelling to injection site (3 days after administration). Treatment: diphenhydramine HCL at home for 3 days."
"Day 1: Severe headache, fever/chills. Tylenol helped. Day 2: symptoms mild. Continuing Tylenol but needed less frequently. I am a 4th year medical student, thought maybe I had meningitis. Headache worse with neck movement."
"Low back pain -> radiated to buttocks and down both legs, calf and to toes. 5-days of pain. Self-treated w/ Ketoprofen."
"After receiving flu shot on 1/26/2015, patient experienced nausea, tingling, vertigo and weakness. She began feeling itchy. She went to the emergency room. She received prednisone and famotidine. She began taking BENADRYL."
"Received intramuscular injection at (L) deltoid 2nd MCV4 and FLUZONE 1/8/15 and then developed 8 cm x 10.5 cm area of redness, swelling and itching 1/9/15. Seen 1/12/15. Txd reaction: Diphenhydramine 25mg and triamcinolone 0.1% oint x 2 days."
"Extreme Pain, redness, swelling at injection site and up to 6 inches away.  Increasing over next 4 days.  Joint pain, body aches , increasing over next 3 days.  Headache, 4 days.  Asthma symptoms.  Slight fever day 1 -3.  Exhaustion."
"Extreme pain, redness, swelling up to 7"""" away from injection sites. Increasing pain and redness over next 4 days. Joint pain, body aches, inc. over next 3 days.  Headache, exhaustion. 102.3 temp day 4 in evening."""""
"Extreme fussiness, behaving very ill and abnormal. I expected this to go away anf it never did. Patient has acted very out of character and began screaming or crying unconsolably frequently. This has been a nightmare. Her sleeping patterns have also been significantly affected. Almost three weeks later she suddenly acquired a fever of 101-103 for over twenty four hours. After that period (in which I was told to keep her home for monitoring) we resolved to get her to the doctor the following morning. Over this time she slept in our bed with us and was vlosely monitored. The following morning her temperature had dropped so we did not end up going into the doctor. However, hours later after the doctor's offices had closed her fever returned, lasted about 4 more hours, and finally subsided for good. Then about four or five days later (tonight; almost a full month since vaccination) my daughter developed visible bumps that had the appearance of chickenpox all over her torso. When I saw this I recalled prior odd behavior that in hindsight was obviously her rubbing against things to scratch herself...so I am inferring she is also itchy. And still highly irritable, unconsolable fits (not in her character), extreme lethargy and desire to sleep, decreased appetite, and abnormal bowel movements ranging from constipation to mild diarrhea."
"Left arm - pain from finger tips - shoulder - fever chills - aches everywhere. Fri 23rd 2015 shot was given Monday 26 had to be seen in medical clinic. Arm wont move still very painful. Recheck 28th. Friday January 23, 2015 at 8:00 am I met with Dr, I was given a pneumococcal 23 shot. By 11:00 am I was starting to get sick to my stomach and my arm felt like it was on fire and radiating to my finger tips and up my neck. After the 1 1/2 drive home I was beginning to get feverish and was extremely chilled. The pain in my arm was unbearable. Saturday I call ask a nurse who told me to watch it and if my fever went over 101 to go and get it checked out. Sunday I called back to dr office they told me to go the local hospital and get it looked at. Monday morning, January 26, 2015 I made an appointment to see my local dt. I am unable to abduct my left arm. I was prescribed hydrocodone apar 5-325. Because of the severe pain and inability to move my arm. I returned to the dr for a follow up at January 29. 2015. There was little to NO improvement since the first visit. This visit they prescribed: cyclobenzaprine 10 mg, nabumetone 750 mg and methylprednisolone 4 mg. I have a follow up appointment on Feb 2, 2015 to be revaluated. As of today January 29, 2015 my arm is still immoveable."
11x12 cm area on left deltoid that is erythematous and indurated and tender to touch. Temp up to 102.3 degree. Treated with BENADRYL and MOTRIN po.
Patient complained of breathing difficulties 4 hrs. after receiving Flu vaccine. Pt said she also had a fever and received breathing treatment in emergency room. Patient filled two scripts (FLONASE and PROAIR). Dr unsure if breathing problems due to flu vaccine.
"Within 3 hours of getting the shots, patient developed a high fever, shaking chills, fatigue, loss of appetite, and dizziness.  Her L arm was swollen and red. The pain was so severe she could not move the arm. She lost sensation in both hands and only felt tingling.  Patient states her temperature was around 102. Symptoms lasted 48 hours. Patient did not seek evaluation or treatment. She did report occurrence to clinic but did not respond to return telephone calls."
"High fever to 102.7 (tympanic temp), extensive swelling around the injection site associated with erythema and pain."
"At 9:45 PM, foster mother notices child was shaking and stiff after arriving at store parking lot.  Foster mother removed child from car seat & ran into store. Requested 911 be called. Child was transported to hospital via ambulance."
"The patient reported that she did not feel well 10-15 minutes after receiving the vaccine, generalized not feeling well.  She thought it was because she hadn't eaten, She got lunch and left the store.  After getting home she felt worse, disoriented, difficulty breathing, hives, and increased blood pressure one hour after the shot and went to the ER for treatment."
"Throat tightening (mild), coughing, difficulty breathing. Thought it was an allergic reaction (I ate both squid and peanuts), but I have never had allergies to those items and have eaten both items since with zero reaction. Lasted several hours 3-4.  I took Benadryl liquid, 50mg after about 1.5 hour of symptoms. Did not help, only made me extremely drowsy.  I think I slept it off. Woke up next day completely fine."
"On 2/4/15, 31 yo M was seen in clinic for office visit. During this visit, pt was ordered to receive pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine 23-valent (PNEUMOVAX-23). At 0841, LPN injected 0.5 mL of lot #K012424 (Merck; exp: 6/5/16) subcutaneously into pt's right arm. During this same visit, the pt received an influenza vaccine in left deltoid (lot # UI214AA0). On 2/6, pt called the clinic and reported that he has developed redness, swelling and a hardened area at the right arm injection site. Pt was asked to come to clinic for evaluation. On exam, the pt reported non-radiating constant aching pain in the right upper arm with a pain score of 4/10. Pt reported that the symptoms worsen with movement and palpation. Pt also endorsed a fever at home, but vitals check on presentation found a temperature WNL at 36.7 ¦C (98.1 ¦F) (Oral). Pt has self-treated with rest and ibuprofen, with no reported relief. Pt denied any chest pain, muscle weakness, numbness or tingling. MD diagnosed cellulitis and prescribed dicloxacillin (DYNAPEN) 500 MG capsule with instructions to take 1 capsule 4 times daily. Pt was also advised to take acetaminophen as needed for discomfort and follow up if symptoms do not improve or worsen."
Rash for 8 days that started on his face and then to upper body and legs with minimal itching. 4 days before the rash; patient started on AMOXIL and given MMR. Patient had slight fever with sniffles after vaccine and possible otitis media. AMOXIL discontinued and azithromycin started.
"Pain to left arm that started a few hours after administration described as throbbing, numbess to (L) hand thumb, index and middle fingers."
"About 15 min after receiving vaccine, pt mom call and says pt is having a seizure."
"Cellulitis-swelling, hot to the touch, pain. Right arm."
(R) thigh with hard lump after immunization.
"Received vaccine on 2/1/15 pt returned on 2/10/15 to pharmacy with area from area of immunization to inner arm towards elbow red, hot, swollen advised to PCP."
"This RN administered a flu vaccine to client's left deltoid. Client reported a """"migraine"""" shortly after administration. Client denied any other complaints or complications. Client stated having a """"long history of migraines, but didn't have one before getting the flu shot"""". Assessed client and injection site. Vital signs stable and within normal limits; Resp 16, Pulse 72,B/P 118/70. Injection site skin intact, no swelling, redness, or bruising present. Client denied the need for any follow-up."""""
Right deltoid pain after flu and Menactra vaccines 2/9/15; red and swollen area 10cm by 6cm developed 2/10/15.
"Mom called within 24 hrs of vaccination to report 4-7 hive like areas on arm, smaller than dimes and raised; not at injection site further down arm; itchy when woke up; not itchy later in day as well as smaller without medicine. No other signs or symptoms. Played soccer this day."
"Pt presented to office with rash-blanching, red, raised, sharply demarcated, polygonal 1-4 mm rash; Face, scalp, soft palate, soles, feet and conjunctiva. No recent travel; symptomic tx."
Pt started developing rash on Sunday 2/1/15. Was seen at hospital and was Dx with skin viral infection. Mother stated rash got worse and brought him to clinic on 2/3/15 where he was Dx w/ measles.
"Patient presented with croup cough, fever, and nasal congestion. Another patient presented with similar symptoms following varicella vaccine."
Gave flu vaccine by mistake came for BOOSTRIX. Completed both.
"Client received vaccine just prior to noon on 1/21/15. TC to HD at 1650 with c/o swollen itchy eyes, raspy voice, swelling in throat and chest tightness. Advised to take BENADRYL 50mg and if experiencing prob. breathing to go to ER. 1/22/15 TC to HD at 8:10 AM. States had T-101.5 at 7:30PM. Took ALEVE, went to bed, slept well in NOC. States feels fine this AM and is afebrile."
Red eye on side of body shot given (left). Hives/itchy legs.
"HEADACHE, WHEEZING, FEVER, COUGHING, PARALYSIS, UNCONTROLLABLE SHAKING. I am a LVN so I treated myself with 800 mg of ibuprofen and started Tamiflu 75 mg the following day."
"Received PCV13 on 2/3/15 and developed bruise and rash on right arm below injection site. Area on right arm was itchy, approx. 6cm x 4cm of red raised rash with small bruise noted at injection site. Pt developed rash 2/5/15."
"Body aches, itchiness all over body, hoarseness and slight cough, edema on the hands."
Unknown onset of symptoms.  Pt sought attention after 3 weeks of pain in left arm following injection.
"This spontaneous report was received from a 63 year old female patient reporting on herself. She reported that when she was 16-years-old she had a birthmark removed. The physician who removed the birthmark applied a topical product (name, manufacturer, dose and frequency unspecified) to help heal the wound. The consumer reported the site where the birthmark was removed started to """"ooze a pus-like substance"""". The unspecified physician explained to the consumer that thimerosal was in the unspecified topical product and that the physician determined the consumer had an allergy to thimerosal. The patient's medical history included long history of bronchitis and ear infections. On 02-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23 lot # K009874 in the left arm (dose, route of administration and lot # were not reported). Concomitant therapies included lisinopril (manufacturer unknown) and influenza virus vaccine (unspecified). The patient reported injection site reactions and other symptoms beginning two hours after she received PNEUMOVAX 23 on 02-JAN-2015. The consumer reported she experienced chest pressure, coughing that lasted for four hours, lower back pain, blood in her urine, the arm which was injected inflamed which made it sore and """"unusable for twenty-four hours"""", and also she experienced tingling in her left hand. The consumer also reported she woke up in the middle of the night with fever. The consumer also reported she experienced a little bruise/lump at the injection site which was about four inches in length and three inches in width. The consumer reported the little bruise/lump lasted for about a week and a half. She also experienced extreme indigestion and confusion as she had not been able to eat anything that Friday 09-JAN-2015 and Saturday 10-JAN-2015. The consumer also reported that since Sunday 11-JAN-2015, she has noticed a """"frequent pressure to urinate"""". The patient reported she tries to drink water and immediately begins to belch. She also reported almost passed out while at work on an unspecified date in January 2015. Patient visited physician's assistant on 14-JAN-2015 and was diagnosed with a kidney stone. She received therapy for the adverse event which included: acetaminophen with codeine and tamsulosin. It was also reported that the patient had urine specimen processed which results were not reported. The outcome of the events was unknown. Additional information has been requested."""""
"Soreness/tightness in arm, difficulty lifting arm, limited range of motion, and tingling sensation in middle and ring finger in affected arm."
Received vaccine 1/20/15 - developed swelling at injection site and temp to 104 degrees - still febrile at 24 hrs.
"Patient reported erythema, injection site soreness, inflammation, itching and swelling in her right deltoid."
"Fever, redness and swelling at injection sites, fussy, irritable, fear of falling, decreased eating (although still takes 1/2 bottles), but have to go back to tube feeds for enough calories through her G-tube and to prevent dehydration. Here I am filling out ANOTHER VAERS form for each of the little twin girls we have had in our home through foster care since they were released from the hospital weeks after they were born. We are in the early stages of the adoption process. Due to the severe adverse reactions each girl experienced in April 2014, we were able to obtain a court order to suspend any further vaccinations for 6 months. After this court order was issued, the girls each had to have G-tubes surgically placed due to the severe side effects of previous vaccinations given. Their G-tube surgeries were in June 2014. In January 2015, the PCP and the dept. decided since the court order was no longer valid (past the proposed 6 month time period) that the girls needed to get caught up on ALL their vaccines (with the exception of the live virus vaccines - as we currently have a child doing chemo and his PCP recommended that NO family members get ANY vaccines while he is undergoing chemo). During this time, the girls have progressed tremendously and were not being tube fed all the time. We were working towards bolus feeds along with oral eating via table meals and bottles with their high calorie formula. I went to another licensed medical doctor for a 2nd opinion on January 19, 2015 concerning getting any more vaccines due to their previous documented reactions. After examining each girl and thoroughly going over all the documentation from previous appointments with their PCP, my own documentation and their O/T, he made strong recommendations that it would NOT be in their best interest to get any more vaccines. He then filled out a permanent MEDICAL EXEMPTION form so they would not receive any further vaccines due to their previous adverse reactions that seemed to be getting worse each time they received a vaccination."
"Fever, redness and swelling at injection sites, fussy, irritable, fear of falling, zoning out, decreased eating (although still takes bottles) but have to go back to tube feeds for enough calories through her g-tube and to prevent dehydration."
"Swelling of the face. The Next Morning hives were seen all over the body and swelling to the face. Doctor administered Benadryl and steroids orally. 2 hours later, redness and hives disappeared. Around 8pm that night, couple dots of redness showed on the face. Again, the next morning baby had same symptoms. I gave him Benadryl and steroids again per doctor. I also gave him Benadryl every 6 hours prior."
RASH OVER ENTIRE BODY THAT WAS INCREASING IN SIZE. MOM BROUGHT HER TO CLINIC FOR US TO SEE. ADVISED MOM TO TAKE HER TO THE DOCTOR RIGHT AWAY OR THE EMERGENCY ROOM IF RASH GOT WORSE.
Pt stated redness and swelling at injection site. Instructed to seek medical attention if symptoms worsen.
10.5 x 7 cm area lat. proximal (R) upper arm sl. erythematous sl. swollen - not painful not causing LOM.
Rash.
Left shoulder pain started immediately. Pain decreased ROM still 3 wks later.
None stated.
"Petechaie and bruising of left cheek, around eye and left ear, + swelling of left cheek, some petechaie and bruising around right eye and cheek but much less than left. Vaccine injection sites have no swelling or bruising. Pt is happy and in no acute distress."
Weakness tired stiff neck at first migraine headaches developed on the 24th and have continued through present.  Have taked excedrine migraine prednisone 20mg for 5 days now on muscle relaxers 4xs a day.
"No adverse event, just RN gave wrong vaccine.  Needed to get Tdap, but flu was adminstered instead."
"Swollen R thigh at site of injection and refusal to bear weight x2 days, limp x2 days until time of presentation for limp. No erythema, induration, fevers."
Hives on back and arms. Benadryl taken.  Hives continue at this time 02/23/2015 at 11:23 PM.
"The patient developed a rash across her right abdomen, side, and around her back. She went to the dr after coming to show us at the pharmacy on 2/18/15 to confirm our diagnosis of shingles and receive treatment. I spoke with her as a follow-up on 2/21/15. She is in terrible pain and wishes she didn't get the vaccine."
None stated.
Rash and fever.
"Showed signs of fatigue and began running a fever. Fever was 102.3 that evening and the next morning. Rash began showing on face evening of 2/18/15.  Rash spread to torso, arms and legs by end of day 2/19/15. Gave lukewarm bath and Motrin to reduce fever.  Fever was gone by AM Fri 2/20. Rash still present and worsened on face by Sun 2/22.  Mon 2/23, Rash was lighter in color and mostly faded on torso and legs.  Visited Dr to show her the rash.  Still mild rash on face as of 2/24 and very light on torso, arms & legs.  Also during this time experienced decrease in appetite."
Redness to the left deltoid and pain at the injection site.
Eyes started to burn and tear. Also feeling of fatigue and weakness for weeks following.
"Patient developed a rash at the actual site of injection, that spread to her trunk. Also complained of itching, headache, mouth pain, and some shortness of breath."
"Transient Syncope; pt laid down, BP stable wnl at all times."
"Patient received both Afluria and Prevnar. Patient remained in pharmacy area for 5 minutes, but 20 minutes after leaving the pharmacy she experienced itching over her entire body and her mouth was red and swollen. Patient was advised by the pharmacist to call 911. In the ambulance, patient was given a dose of an Epipen.  At the hospital, patient also received Zofran and Ativan"
Fever x 3 days. Low grade-High (103F).
"Local reaction : pain, redness or swelling, nausea."
"Pt developed cellulitis on administration site (L) arm. She went to her MD and prescribed her AUGMENTIN 875mg and TYLENOL 500mg. She had fever, pain, headache, itching, redness, swelling; is under treatment."
"Syncopal episode, fever in the evening, nausea, soreness. Had stayed under observation in medical office x 20 minutes without any reactions or complaints."
Patient developed rash over 75% of his body and stayed in bed for approximately 2 weeks.
HIVES
"Arm red, hot, swollen, hard to touch and painful where shot was given."
"Patient described grand mal seizures/convulsions, fever 101F."
"2""""-3"""" Lump in my left arm pit."""""
Rash on most of body.
"Onset of rash, nasal drainage, congestion on 2-22. Parents brought child to an urgent care on 2-24-15. He was diagnosed with otitis media and pharygitis. The physician also ordered IgG and IgM for measles and a viral swab was sent for viral culture."
"Approximately 3 hr post vaccination pt called to report """"feels like someone grabbing my chin"""", """"lips tingle"""" and then """"nauseous"""" - pt went to urgent care given epi, BENADRYL, loratadine, prednisone."""""
"Fainted around 4 pm at softball practice-she was having hard time breathing before fainting afterwards. She was acting """"normal""""."""""
"Shoulder pain and reduced range of motion in arm where shot was given immediately after given. Had chills 4 hrs. later. Pain still cont and can't lay on shoulder in bed. Also, vomited w/chills."
Red itchy swollen -diameter of a golf ball - improved with BENADRYL.
"(L) upper arm redness, warmth. Tx: Hydrpxyzine 25 ml, hydrocortisone cream, ice on/off x 2d."
"Started with cough, tickling around injection site, headache, fever, turned into intense vomiting and diahrrea by 3:30AM on 03/05/2015. Chills, fever, nausea, diarrhea, headache and neck ache lingered and are still present."
Cellulitis.
"Vaccine administered 2/20/15 (PNEUMOVAX 23). Rash and chills on 2/21/15. Fever (100, with patient's baseline 97-98) on 2/22/15. Seen in the office on 2/23/15 with the arm red, itchy, swollen and warm (puncture site clear, with area of erythema and warmth just distally, measuring 21cmx7cm, with extension to the axilla. Reaction: right arm."
"This case was reported by a other health professional via call center representative and described the occurrence of injection site swelling in a 66-year-old female patient who received FLULAVAL (batch number JL7X5, expiry date June 2015). Previously administered products included FLULAVAL (lot: XJ595, exp: June 2014 no reaction). Concomitant products included PNEUMOVAX. On 23rd January 2015 15:40, the patient received FLULAVAL (intramuscular) .5 ml. On 23rd January 2015, an unknown time after receiving FLULAVAL, the patient experienced injection site swelling, injection site inflammation, injection site pain and injection site warmth. On 24th January 2015, the patient experienced wheals and pruritus. On 27th January 2015, the patient experienced injection site wheal and injection site erythema. On 25th January 2015, the outcome of the injection site swelling, injection site inflammation, injection site pain, injection site erythema. On 25th January 2015, the outcome of the injection site swelling, injection site inflammation, injection site pain, wheals, pruritus and injection site warmth were recovered/resolved. On an unknown date, the outcome of the injection site wheal was unknown and the outcome of the injection site erythema was not recovered/not resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the injection site swelling, injection site inflammation, injection site pain, injection site wheal, wheals, pruritus, injection site erythema and injection site warmth to be related to FLULAVAL. Additional information: Patient received a FLULAVAL injection on 23-JAN-2015 at around 3:40 pm. That same evening when she got home she noticed that it was: really swollen at the injection site, hot to the touch at the injection site, inflamed at the injection site and soared at the injection site. By Saturday 24-JAN-2015 the injection site had welts around the injection site, welts to the back of her arm, welts close to her armpit, welts started itching. It lasted through Sunday 25-JAN-2015. Today 27-JAN-2015 the patient noticed a triangular pink shape area like the size of a quarter next to the injection site as well diamond size welts around the injection site. Patient received the FLULAVAL in the lower arm and patient stated that all side effects happened around that injection site, and not where the PNEUMOVAX was injected."
Toothache on left side (worse on teeth with pre-existing caps). General soreness at injection site and slight body soreness.
"2/4 Right arm pain about 3 hours after receiving PPSV -23 shot in that arm, """"feverish"""" a few hours later; no redness or bruising at site; 2/10 seen in ER with pain in right shoulder and neck, limited movement and weakness in right arm, and history of intermittent fever; Rx diazepam; referred to orthopedist for possible phys. therapy; Pt. reported ER dx was """"reaction to vaccine""""."""""
Pt complains of pain at injection site. Cannot lift arm without pain -> this is now 2 months later after immunization.
"Erythema and cellulitis at site of vaccine, on KEFLEX and mupirocin. Rt deltoid."
"Rash, swelling, red, tender, fever, nausea and vomit."
"Father presented with pt to clinic on 3/4/15 stating that after pt received flu vaccine on 2/26/15 he began experiencing """"flu like symptoms"""". He began with """"cough"""" and """"not feeling well."""" C/O having fever on and off since 2/28/15 and feeling shortness of breath at night and feels """"something in his throat"""". Father took pt to ED on 3/3/15 and diagnosed with chest pain. Pt admitted to hospital 3/4/15 due to his complaints. F/U call to father/grandmother stated father did not take patient to hospital."""""
"Headache and raised, swollen, itchy red area at injection site about 3.5 by 4 inches."
10 cm width x 8 cm hight area of redness with firm 2 cm center. Warm to touch.
"Pt's mom states pt had reaction for flu vaccine; fever 103.1, heart palpitation fast, blood pressure high, also vomiting."
"Received HPV (#2) flu vaccine 1/12/15. Woke up that night shivering, temp 100.5, c/o trouble moving hips/pain in hips, vomited x1 stayed home next day because legs felt wierd. Then full recovery next day."
"Two days after vac. left arm could not lift. Lasted another day then could not move right arm. Has continued to move back and forth between arms, hands, knees, legs, wrists, ankles, sore throat every several days. Right and left fingers. Left eye blurry. Two separate days was not able to walk without assistance. 1-6-15-ongoing."
"Feeling hot, throat closure, difficulty to breathe."
"Trouble swallowing, chest pain and shortness of breath."
"Fever of 102.3, initially lethargic, then with fever spike unconsolable crying for 1+hours until fever went down with Acetaminophen. Low grade fever of 100 in the am. More Acetaminophen was given and temp returned to normal."
"Entire deltoid area of left arm is red, swollen, firm and warm to touch. Also very painful. Pt. told to use warm compresses and take BENADRYL."
"Sore neck and arm, neck pain relieved but arm pain worsened. Tried ice, heat, and ointments with no relief of sharp pains."
Febrile seizure.  Mom noticed child acting fussy while asleep.  Checked forehead and felt warm.  Woke up startled and then had a generalized tonic clonic seizure x 1 minute.  Called 911 and went to ER - had fever documented in the ER.  Acted appropriately after stopped crying.  Sent home without work-up.  H/o febrile seizures in family including brother and father's side.
"Papular rash, resembling chicken pox appeared on head and back on 3/5/15. 10-15 total lesions seen."
"Erythema and swelling around injection site starting about 24 h after injection. Has also had HA, fever and sweaty. (L) deltoid/upper arm with 8x10cm red elevated wheal, mildly tender."
When receiving immunization felt a jolt down my arms and out my finger tips as is an electrical shock.  By that evening I had lost almost all range of motion in my left arm.  The loss of motion continues one and a half months later although not always as extreme.
"Swollen lips and bullae to right upper extremity. No noted respiratory distress or rash. Angioedema. Prednisone 20 mg every day, diphenhydramine 50 mg QID, ranitidine 150 mg BID."
"Rash on face and under eyes (cheek area) noted 2 days after vaccines were given. 3/9/14 seen by PCP, no treatment, rash was gone."
"Rash appeared at site of injection of left thigh. Skin pink. Numerous raised papules with pink blotchiness. Physician immediately notified.  Rash spreading onto abdomen, back, arms. Gave 1/2 tsp BENADRYL 12.5mg/5mL and 3/4 tsp TYLENOL 160mg/5mL. Child observed for 30 min s/p reaction with significant improvement. No swelling noted. No resp distress."
Second influenza vaccine given on 12/11/14 was not sent to ER by nurse that entered and gave it. ER on 3/16/15 reflected pt was due for influenza so above nurse administered. When filling out parents imm record realized the 2nd dose of influenza was already ginve. No reaction to this vaccine given on 3/16/15.
"Approx 30 min after immunizations, pt noted to be coughing more by mom and had wheezing. Was in lab for blood draw and sent back to our office to evaluated. Had wheezing bilat - resolved with albuterol nebulization."
"In the Patients words """"THE LEGS BEGAN TO BURN IN BOTH THIGHS AT FIRST. I FELT HEAT WHEN I PUT MY HAND ON THEM. AFTER FALLING ASLEEP, I WOKE UP AT 4 AM AND MY LEGS FELT LIKE A DEAD WEIGHT. I FELT TINGLING IN MY FEET. IT SCARED ME. I ALSO BEGAN TO HAVE AN INCREASE HEART RATE, AS I FELT MY HEART BEAT FASTER. THE PAIN FROM ALL THE SHOTS WAS STILL IN MY ARMS, BUT I NOTICED MORE TINGLING IN MY HANDS THAN IN MY ARMS. """""""""
"Patient started itching around 8:30 pm last night (2/24/15). Mother gave MOTRIN and child went to sleep. Then today after school mom noticed redness and swelling, warm to touch. Also area where vaccine given was hard. Measured 30 x 35mm. Left deltoid."
Expired MMRV given to pt.
"Pt show a fainting look after I gave her FLULAVAL vaccine. Prior to that, I gave her BOOSTRIX vaccine, 5 minutes prior, she start looking pale, so I call for help, and have her sips of water."
"After the three vaccines were administered, she began screaming, and felt warm to her grandmother. She became flushed with small urticarial lesions on her cheeks. There was no stridor, or hypotension; no drooling. Lungs were clear. Benadryl was administered and the child was observed for thirty minutes."
Hives and fever continuing til today. Controlled for a few hours with BENADRYL and ibuprofen. Further w/o pending.
Redness and swelling measuring 4-5 cm across with warmth and mild tenderness.
"Redness, swelling and itching. Diphenhydramine 50 mg once."
"Child developed rash, small hives to (L) cheek/side of face. Scant rash only to (R) side of face/cheek x 5H after 2nd dose of FLUZONE. Advised by MD to give 1/2 tsp or 2 ml of Children's BENADRYL."
"This spontaneous report was received from a physician's assistant via company representative and refers to a 36 year old female patient. No medical history or concurrent conditions were reported. On 18-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23 through an unspecified route (dose and route were not reported). Other suspect product initiated on the same day included unspecified flu vaccine which was administered in the same arm as PNEUMOVAX 23. No concomitant medications were reported. On 19-FEB-2015, the patient experienced swelling around the injection site, vomiting and was unable to keep anything down, fever of 102 F, arm was swollen, tight and red. Hence the physician's assistant recommended the patient to visit an emergency room, (ER) on 20-FEB-2015. The patient sought medical attention with physician's assistant by texting back and forth via cellular phone. On an unknown date, the patient's white blood count was 1900. The outcome of the events was unknown. The reporter did not assess the events with pneumococcal vaccine, polyvalent (23-valent). No other information was available. Additional information has been requested."
Fever.
Patient had cellulitis 24 hrs after vaccine administra. About 6 cm distal to the injection site.
"Headache, myalgia, urticarial pruritus, nausea vomiting and swelling, erythema. Hydroxyzine 25 mg once."
No reaction during office visit on 3/19/15 - was notified on 3/23/15 - when I returned to work. Dr notified - returned call to mother no answer on Monday 3/23/15 left message to return call mother returned call on Tuesday 3/24/15 - taken to ER night of 3/19/15. Allergic reaction - hives.
Pt had DTaP in (R) thigh and Flu >3 in the (L) thigh. On 3/17/15 parent's noticed a lg red swollen area to (R) outer thigh and a smaller swollen area to the left thigh.
"Intense shoulder pain for several weeks. First week I was prescribed muscle relaxers and Ibuprofen. This had no impact on pain. Then I received an X-ray, which revealed to structural damage. I then was prescribed prednisone. After a week of prednisone, the pain had started to subside, but was still weak and pain when trying to use the arm. I then went to see a Orthopedic doctor and had an MRI. MRI showed inflammation, but no structural damage. Doctor prescribed 6 weeks of PT, 3 time a week. Weakness still impacting daily life after 3 weeks of therapy."
"Patient states the injection site started itching the night after the vaccine was administered. Subsequently, a rash (scaly and red) formed within 3 days after administration. The size of the rash was approximately 1.5 cm x 1 cm."
Muscle pain redness at the injection site.
"Swelling, redness around injection site.  Scratching noted at injection site."
"This spontaneous report as received from a the patient's mother refers to her 21 years old daughter. The patient did not had any pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies. On 04-MAR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with VARIVAX (Merck) 0.5 ml, subcutaneous. Concomitant therapies included influenza virus vaccine and unspecified bacterial meningitis shot [therapy unspecified]. In March 2015, a couple of days after receiving VARIVAX (Merck), the patient developed sore arm and redness in the injection site. Subsequently, the patient recovered from the adverse events. The patient's mother also reported that on an unspecified date, the patient developed """"sore arm"""" after receiving an unspecified flu vaccine and """"sore arm"""" and redness at the injection site after receiving an unspecified bacterial meningitis shot. The patient did not sought medical attention and did not received treatment for the adverse events. No lab diagnostics studies were performed. No product quality complain was reported. Additional information has been requested."""""
"Pt woke up on 3/23/15 with fever of 102 degrees F and pimple-like rash on neck. Over the next several hours, pt developed red macular-papular rash on face, neck, abd, chest, back and groin. Pt has been more tired with rash. Also, started with clear nasal drainage on 3/23/15. Pt seen in office on 3/26/15, afebrile. No changes with rash."
"Red, warm at injection site - 6 x 6 mm, 55 x 40 mm, (+) tender, no D/C. Noted 4-1 by mother. Rx KEFLEX 250mg/5ml 5 ml 4x1d x 7D, cool compresses, f/u 5D, if worse -> ED."
"Heat from injection site, rash, swelling, pain."
"On 03/25/15 client called the health department to report having swollen lymph nodes, sore muscles, fatigue. Denied having a fever, airway compromise, or hives/rash. Stated he had a runny nose on Monday. Client went backcountry skiing all day 03/24/15. Client asked PHN about going to a concert tonight and drinking. Client encouraged to rest, take Motrin and rehydrate. Instructed client to call Dr if symptoms worsen. On 03/26/15 client went to urgent care. Per medical records he had negative mono and strep tests and 3+ tonsils with white exudates. Urgent care diagnosis: tonsillitis and possible vaccine reaction. Client was given prednisone taper and ibuprofen. On 03/29/15 client to ER. Per records from this visit, client had a fever of 38.1, airway patent and open, breathing spontaneous and non labored, no evidence or symptoms to suggest allergic reaction. Diagnosis from ER: Tonsillitis. Client given Augumentin. On 04/03/15 client's mom called health department to report continued symptoms and ER/urgent care visits, stating that she had read that tonsillitis was a rare adverse event from typhoid vaccine. Per client's mom, steroids and antibiotics """"have not helped."""" Mom states that client can swallow better, but tonsils and throat """"visible looks the same."""" Client's mom denied client having trouble breathing. Mom also stated that client had had a severe headache after vaccinations and still had occasional headaches. Client took Tylenol for severe headache and mom reported that it helped. Mom also reported that client's tongue was swollen. Client was called this same day by PHN to check in. Client was encouraged to finish antibiotics to fight off tonsil infection. Client denied having trouble breathing and stated his throat and tonsils felt the same. Client encouraged to call primary care physician/urgent care or seek medical help if infection worsens or if it does not improve after finishing antibiotics."""""
Accidentally administered Influenza vaccine (6-35 month) instead of PENTACEL.
Noticed a weird rash on her right arm /unsure if it had been there longer. Did notice after receiving the Typhoid vaccine in the right arm it felt swollen and persisted until 03/26 also noticed a metallic taste in back of her throat right after the shot but unsure which vaccine it was that only lasted briefly.
No adverse events reported. Just documenting the vaccine was given on 04/07/2015 and the expiration date was 03/2015.  7 days after expiration date.
"On Mar 19, 2015, at 8:43 AM, patient wrote: I just wanted to inform you of an adverse reaction I had that began the evening after I received the flu vaccine. My lips began swelling and got progressively worse over the next few days. I took BENADRYL every 8 hours in the hopes of decreasing the reaction but by day 2, other parts of my face began swelling, lip swelling increased and I broke out with cold sores all over my lips. I went to see Dr. on Friday and he began me on VALTREX for the cold sores. By Friday night it was much worse and today is the first time I have been able to come back to work."
"Patient with hives face, ears, neck, chest, trunk. Vomited x1. BENADRYL 12.5mg/5ml, 5ml PO x1 hives responding within 5-10 min."
"Localized redness, warmth, tenderness, and """"burning sensation"""" at injection site."""""
"2 days after immunizations he experienced significant neuralgia in the area of his old spinal cord injury: mid-trunk, both front and back x 1 1/2 weeks. Has never reacted to a flu shot. We suspect the HPV shot."
"04/13/2015:  Reports to clinic with right arm swelling and tingling. Had Tdap Rt deltoid on 04/06/15. Had some minor soreness for a few days, then on 04/10/15 developed swelling and soreness right deltoid, no redness. Since then has experienced intermittent swelling, tingling and loss of sensation right lower arm and hand. Right hand and lower arm is now mottled with visible swelling; has difficulty with ROM right arm. Radial pulses present bilaterally. Has treated with ice QID, BioFreeze topical and Ibuprofen every 4 hours since 04/10/15. States history of surgery C-6, C-7 with right arm nerve symptoms 2 years ago."
"Registered Nurse gave Flu shot in right upper arm, ever since then right upper arm & shoulder are in pain & hurting; can't sleep on it can't lift it without it hurting also when driving it hurts."
Patient c/o arm pain since given the flu vaccine. Patient states her pain travels from her shoulder down to her wrist. Patient describes it as a nagging pain. Patient states she also experience behavior changes last 24 hours. Patient was accompanying by her daughter.
"Information has been received from a nurse concerning a 14 month old patient. On an unknown date, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (dose, lot# and route were unknown), and a dose of PROQUAD (Merck) instead of M-M-R II, as prescribed at the office visit (Overdose, Drug prescribing error). No adverse effects were reported. Follow-up information has been received from a nurse. It was unknown if the patient had any allergies, birth defects, medical conditions or illness at the time of vaccination. It was reported that on 27-JAN-2015, female patient was vaccinated with the first dose of VARIVAX (Merck) subcutaneously into the left leg, lot number J006358, expiration date 23-MAY-2015 and with the first dose of PROQUAD (Merck) subcutaneously into the right leg, lot number K005644, expiration date 17-OCT-2015. Concomitant therapies included: the second dose of Influenza virus vaccine (manufacturer Sanofi), intramuscularly into the left thigh, lot number was reported as 44983PH, administered on 27-JAN-2015 and the fourth dose of PREVNAR intramuscularly into the right thigh, lot number was reported as J16883 (date of administration was unknown). The patient did not seek medical attention. Additional information is not expected as no further information is available. Product information, event information and the narrative were updated."
"Approximately 2 hours after IM flu shot, developed wet cough, dyspnea, chest pressure and inability to expand lung volume. Seen at ER for anaphylaxis. Inhaled epi, long acting B2 were palliative."
The area are red and a little edema in the area of the left deltoid. The patient was oriented about how manage the area when vaccine was adminsitered to put ice in the area. Prescription was given and patient as evaluated by the doctor.
Febrile seizures with temp 103.1 per ER. TYL/MOTRIN given at ER.
"Received order to administer HAVRIX and FLUZONE - Administered HAVRIX and in error FLULAVAL. Once I noticed my error I immediately notified ordering physician. She directed me to see a nurse I work with to see what our protocol is. That nurse said she would call someone at the County Health Dept. - which we left a voicemail asking to give a call back asking for me. In meantime, I spoke with pharmacist/representative from GlaxoSmithKline and told them of the situation and what to look for...they stated that they have done studies in which they have given FLULAVAL to children under 3 (6 months to 35 months) - given 1-2 doses depending whether or not that they were primed (if it was their first dose ever, requiring 2 initially or if they have previously received flu vaccine) and have found pain at injection site, loss of appetite, fever, and febrile convulsions. After my phone call with the manufacturing company, I spoke with someone from the Health Department, she stated to notify parents and complete a vaccine error form. She agreed that the reactions to the FLULAVAL when given to those under 3 yrs of age and are the same possible reactions of many other vaccines that we administer. I then discussed with office manager and together we brought it to the attention of Doctor who runs the office. He decided that I call the parents to notify them of what had happened and due to a slightly higher dose that he received to closely observe for any reaction(s). In the early afternoon, I spoke with patient's father and told him of my error. He stated that he believes that pt has had the flu shot in the past and recalls that all he had was a little temperature - I am unsure if that was given in conjunction with any other vaccinations. I told father that when he discusses with his wife who was unavailable at the time she can call to discuss with me if comfortable or with ordering doctor who did exam. I also stated that we (myself or one of the nurses) would follow up with a phone call to see how pt is doing tomorrow to document our note/vaccine error form. He confirmed on the phone that he has the VIS sheet and understands what to look for regarding reactions and that he should be concerned about. Notified ordering physician of my note."
"2-9-15 Discussed Tdap and Flu vaccins with clinet, she was undecided on flu and stated she wanted just Tdap at that visit. I administered a flu vaccine. Not Tdap."
Error made when drawing up. Did not give pre-filled dosage.
"When pulling the vaccines given on 2/19/2015, the wrong Flu vaccine dosage (0.25) was pulled. Patient was prepped for vaccine and it was given. Mistake wasn't noticed until administration of vaccine. Patient had tolerated the vaccine well."
Staff was delegated to assist with flu vaccine and inadvertently gave Tdap. Flu was given after vaccine error occurred.
None stated.
Persistent injection site pain in left shoulder. Also numbness/tingling in left arm.
Patient called and stated that her arms/shoulders are still painful from when vaccinations were given several mths prior. Patient stated that it hurts to raise arms over head.
"Tingling pain all the way down my arm, and into my hand starting a couple of days after my vaccine. Gardasil was the only vaccine in that arm. It got a little bit better; I was doing heavy lifting this weekend (4/25), and now my wrist and hand have the same tingling pain all over again. It's a distinct feeling, and my left side does not have it."
Patient indicates that since 3/26/15 she has a rash on the vaccination area.
Severe swelling and discomfort at injection site that lasted several days.
"Left upper leg swelling, redness, warm and tender to the touch per Mother. Redness in approx 1.5 inches across per Mother. Child was never evaluated by nurse or physician in our office. Was seen at an Urgent Care facility."
"Pt reported symptoms began with swelling, redness, pain at injection site with increasing swelling progressing to today and accompanied by general feeling of illness.  Instructed patient to seek medical treatment at their private physician immediately."
"Parent reports redness and """"knot"""" rt thigh where vaccine given. Parent contacted priv MD and was told was """"local reaction"""" and to call health dept."""""
"Patient recv'd vaccines, waited in room with mom for 10-15 minutes. After checking out and leaving office she became dizzy and almost fell backward. Mom caught her, no injury noted. She was brought back into office and monitored until symptoms resolved."
Cluster of Hive like eruptions around the site of the vaccination. Arm was extremely painful and stiff to move during first two days after Vac.
A FLUARIX vaccine was given instead of a PEDIARIX.
Persistent right shoulder since receiving flu vaccine in January 2015. Has been seen twice times for follow up. Had right shoulder X-ray and blood work which was normal. Later received a steroid injection and sent to physical therapy.
"Pt. answered no to pregnancy, received VAR 5-6-15. Pt. states had (+) HCG a few days later. She is not having reaction."
Blister at the injection site.
"The day after shots, started out itching on both shoulders, then both arms. Two days after shots, bumps appreared on forearms with itching. The itching spread to my hand, also with bumps forming. Now forearms and hands itch with bumps."
"Day 84 mumpy measles on skin, high fever, body rash, vomiting, hair loss, diarrhea, chronic in all ears, screaming, coughing. Breathing difficulties, swelling neck, face, etc, etc, etc. Infectious disease, arthritis Dr neurologist. Breast swollen. Seizure activities."
4 large bumps on legs. 2 went away after 2 month. Two remain. Had mucusy stools for two months. Went from one bowel movement a day to 6. Bright butt rash. Began having allergic reactions to multiple foods in my diet through breastmilk.
"5/14-pt reports numbness to right hand, weakness and severe pain to right arm (site 3 injections). Sent to hospital, from which she was discharged with analgesics and muscle relaxers."
Rash 2-3 days after 2nd flu shot.
"Pain and tingling of rt arm, swelling of rt arm and hand, pain on right side of the body, rt sided jaw pain within a few hours of vaccine administration."
"Dizziness, nausea, trouble focusing vision."
"Noticed splotchy rash on lower portion, legs, some upper thorax and neck. Took to ER 0800, treated w/BENADRYL. Symptoms relieved after 24hrs. No fever, pain, scratchy."
Pain in left arm for 4 days; fatigue; flu-like symptoms; rash with warmth in area.
RIGHT AFTER THE VACCINE ADMISNITRATION THE CHILD FELT DIZZY AND FAINTED.
"Increased pain at injection site, inability to move arm freely and bruising extending 6 inches below injection site."
Pt. received 4 vaccines on 5/21/15. Patient presented to health dept. on 5/22 stating that her left arm was very swollen. I observed the swelling from the shoulder to elbow area. Pt had previously asked a ER nurse to look at the area and advised cold compresses and ibuprufen. Same treatment recommend at HD.
No adverse event reporting related to given Fluvirin 0.5ml dose in error.
"Pt received 3rd series of Twinrix, 1st series of HPV 9, and injectable Influenza. Pt was incoherent 3-5 minutes after receiving vaccines. Pt did not respond to verbal or painful stimuli. Adult EPI was immediately administered. Pt responded immediately after initial EPI injection while needle was still in leg."
"Pt reports child got a knot on his arm after they vaccine and she thought it was normal but it has continued to get bigger. She has tried giving TYLENOL the child has pain and itching. Pt has area on LD that is approx. 8 x 3 1/2 """" bright red and warm to the touch."""""
Pt. has varicella.
"No problem noted after administering Tdap and MMR to pt, then wanted to discuss influenza and administered same at 10 mins later immediately after administration of same and removing needle from patient's arm, his eyes became fixed and developed seizure like tonic and clonic movements which lasted briefly about 5-6 sec. Immediately after, he was alert and oriented x 3, diaphoretic but in no apparent distress."
"Rash and urticarial pruritus. Ranitidine 150 mg bid, methylprednisolone, fluocinolone."
"Patient was seen on 6/8/2015 for her 7 year old well child check with no concerns other than a rash which occurred around her mouth the week prior. A flu vaccine was administered. She developed hives later that day which were examined by a physician on 6/9/2015 told mom to follow-up if hives persisted for > 48 hours, but patient did not return. No other known triggers for rash."
Generalized seizure lasting 10 seconds with incontinence.
"Pt experienced numbness in left arm with some burning sensation two weeks after getting the ADACEL vaccination, but it is getting better now. Pt advised to follow up with doctor."
"Severe intermittent neck, shoulder and upper arm pain. Numbness in right thumb. Pain occurs when lying down, comes and goes when at rest.  Difficulty lifting arm out to side sometimes. Pain rated at 7-8/10 on pain scale at it's worse."
"A patient came into the clinic for PPD tuberculin skin test. After the provider evaluated the patient and ordered the PPD test, the medical assistant (MA) was instructed to give the test to the patient. After the test was given, the patient was discharged by the MA. Within an hour or so, the lead supervising MA noticed a vial of FLUVIRIN sitting out on a desk. The lead MA asked all the other MAs and providers if anyone ordered the FLUVIRIN vaccine and why it was sitting out instead of in the refrigerator. The provider's MA admitted that she accidentally gave FLUVIRIN instead of tuberculin intradermally in the patient's forearm. Multiple attempts were made to contact the patient without success. The incident was reported to the County Dept of Public Health. 48 hours later, the patient returned to the clinic for PPD read and this was when the incident was disclosed to the patient. The patient had a 3cm area of erythema and mild swelling at the injection site where FLUVIRIN was administered. The patient denied any other problems or history of allergies. The PPD was then correctly given in the other forearm."
Extreme soreness in upper deltoid of left arm. Unable to lift arm above plane of shoulder. Following day experienced severe flu like symptoms. Resolved by the second day after the vaccination.
Steep decline in speech. Within several months increase in screaming fits that he can't be calmed from easily. Starting speech therapy.
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 08-Jan-2015) concerns a 20 year-old male patient who received the flu shot (non-CSL product) in the past without any issues. The patient did not take any concomitant medications, and had no history of febrile reactions to any vaccines, including previous flu shots. He did not receive other recent immunisations.  On 07-Jan-2015, in the evening, the patient received intramuscular AFLURIA (batch number 09949221A) 0.5mL annually. This was the first time he received AFLURIA. On 08-Jan-2015, in the morning, the patient reported that he experienced 102 degrees Fahrenheit (oral) after the AFLURIA administration. The patient believed that AFLURIA caused his fever and that he now has the flu. The patient will see his physician later on 08-Jan-2015 for further assessment. The outcome was reported as unknown. Reporter's comments: The reporter counseled the patient on flu incubation periods and antibody responses, reported that the fever was related to the AFLURIA, and reported that the patient could have received H1N1 vaccine at another pharmacy (there were none listed in the patient's pharmacy profile) at the reporter's pharmacy. Follow-up (16-Jan-2015): Clinical course, AE start date and outcome."
"Hours after administration of vaccine: large patches over body of erythema/induration/itching waxing and waning, changing location. Very uncomfortable for 2 days."
"Started off slowly with tenderness at injection site, progressed to severe pain when arm was placed in certian positions, especially behind center line of body. Pain raising left arm, putting it behind the back, trouble relaxing arm especially at night. Two months later I wasn't using left arm for normal tasks like taking off or putting on clothes."
"This non-serious medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 16-FEB-2014) concerns a 32 year old female patient who had a medical history of asthma. Concomitant medications included a daily multivitamin and a daily vitamin D3 2,000. On the 05-JAN-2015, the patient received AFLURIA (batch number T53909) dose 1 via the intramuscular route in the left arm. ON the 05-JAN-2015, the patient developed coughing, wheezing, chest pressure, difficulty breathing and a rapid heart rate. The patient received albuterol via an inhaler, 50mg diphenhydramine and 4 mg methylprednisolone. Outcome was unknown. Reporter comments: The regulator reported the case as non-serious."
"This medically confirmed regulatory report (initial receipt 16-FEB-2015) concerns a 47 year-old female patient who had no known current illness at the time of vaccination. The patient was allergic to penicillin, erythromycin, contrast dyes and a very large variety of plants, pollens, dust, cosmetics and fragrances. Concomitant medications included atenolol 50 mg and levothyroxine 150 mcg. On 04-JAN-2015, the patient received intramuscular ALFURIA injection, (batch number not provided) in the right arm. On 05-JAN-2015, the patient experienced a large, round, red inflamed area around the AFLURIA 2014-2015 injection site. IT was very warm to the touch with an itching and burning sensation, and the formation of dozens of tiny fluid filled blisters which cracked open upon scratching and then became crusty. The outcome was not recovered. Reporter's comments: The regulatory authority assessed the case as non-serious, reported that the patient presented at the Emergency Room, and reported the terms """"injection site pain"""" and """"injection site reaction""""."""""
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 05-Mar-2015) concerns a female patient who had a medical history of chronic headaches and gluten intolerance. On 05-Mar-2015, the patient received AFLURIA injection (batch number not reported) for the prevention of influenza. On 05-Mar-2015, following AFLURIA administration, the patient felt that her heart was beating much faster than normal and had a headache. The outcome was not reported."
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 18-Feb-2015) concerns a 36-year-old male patient. The patient received TB vaccine in the past four weeks. On 27-Jan-2015 at 17:06, the patient received intramuscular AFLURIA pre-filled syringe, (batch number: T51808), that was kept at 21.2 degree C on for 1-2 days (administration of temperature excursion vaccine). It was reported the patient was fine and there was no adverse event. Outcome was reported as unknown. Reporter's comments: The reporter assessed the events as non-serious and considered the causality as unrelated."
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 16-Feb-2015) concerns a 53 year-old female patient who was taking many cancer medications, including rituximab, for an unspecified cancer. She received FLUZONE on 24-Sep-2013 without any reports of patient harm. On 12-Jan-2015 at 11:00 AM, the patient received intramuscular AFLURIA, (batch number T51808) 0.5 mL. AFLURIA was stored correctly. On 12-Jan-2015 at 11:00 AM, the patient received intramuscular AFLURIA, (batch number T51808) 0.5 mL. AFLURIA was stored correctly. On 12-Jan-2015, the patient experienced pain int he arm since the date of AFLURIA administration. Her arm was sore after the injection and was advised that it was normal. Three weeks following the AFLURIA administration, the patient complained of persisting pain in the arm and discussed with her doctor who advised her to discuss with her pharmacist to determine if AFLURIA was administered improperly or with a """"bad batch"""" of vaccine. Pain in the arm was described as excruciating and had lessened since AFLURIA administration but has not healed. She had difficulty in lifting everyday items like plates. The more she moved her arm, the more it gets lubricated and felt better. However, there was still some associated pain. She was upset with the pain. The outcome was not recovered for the pain in the arm, and unknown for other AEs. Reporter's comments: The patient believed the pain was a direct result of AFLURIA administration."""""
"This non-serious medically confirmed report (initial receipt 29-Jan-2015) concerns an 85 year old male patient. On the 15-Jan-2015, the patient received AFLURIA (batch number 09649211A) 0.5mL annually via the intramuscular route. After administration it was realised that the multi-dose vial was two weeks expired (an opened AFLURIA vial was administered after 28 days of being punctured). The vial was discarded therefore the expiration date on the vial or the date the vial was punctured could not be provided. The patient was fine with no adverse events to report. Outcome was not reported."
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report initial receipt (13-JAN-2015) concerns a 3 year old male patient. The patient received seasonal influenza vaccine in the past and was able to tolerate the previus vaccination: on 16-JAN-2014, the patient received FLUZONE and a booster of FLUZONE (batch number U4712AA) on 03-MAR-2014. There was no reports of patient harm after receiving FLUZONE. The patient was not taking any other medication, vitamins or herbal supplements. On 13-JAN-2014 at 11:00 AM, the patient received intramuscular AFLURIA (batch number T50307) at 0.5 ml. The same day, the patient also received Hep A vaccine (batch number not reported). Both the vaccines were administered on different shoulders.  On 13-JAN-2015, the patient developed fever at 103F with associated vomiting and shivering/chills that started the night after AFLURIA administration. The temperature was taken by the thermometer orally and axillary. The patient was treated with acetaminophen (Children's Tylenol) to help reduce fever. The outcome was reported as recovering (improved). Reporter comments: The patient required consultation with a doctor. No review at hospital emergency department or hospital was done."
"Reports developing a sore throat last night. Noticed pus pockets this morning; reports gargling with peroxide. Redness and pain around area of flu shot injection on LUE and edema and white patches on his uvula yesterday; localized redness noted to (L) bicep, no redness, swelling, nor white patches noted in throat/uvula. Diphenhydramine 25 mg once."
Complains of left arm pain and tingling following influenza vaccination.
Client called 7/16/15. States that after administration of flu vaccine had loss of olfactory sense. Went to ENT. After a month has some sense of smell but not complete.
"After receiving vaccine, patient felt dizziness, vertigo, checked BP and it showed high about 170/100 and pulse at 100, called 911 for help."
"I had severe chills, felt as if I was in tube of ice water, I ached all over, mouth very dry, tightness in my throat. I had a horrible night."
"Tired, achy leg muscles, cold last night. Shot site swollen and painful to touch. No pain relief taken."
"Patient developed severe fatigue and drowsiness about 2 hrs after vaccination. She then fell asleep in the afternoon after fighting sleep for a few hours. She reports feeling """"unusually drowsy"""" for at least 24 hours following vaccination. She was alarmed by this reaction."""""
Face and lips swollen.
Pt. fainted for just a few seconds after the shot and once he gained consciousness he informed us that he could hear everything and apologized for not informing us earlier that he always passes out for less than a minute for any shots due to immense fear of shots. He was absolutely fine in less than a minute and said it wasn't because of vaccines.
"Swelling and itching at injection site, golf ball size."
"Fever, redness, sore arm, malaise entire body more than 24 hours post."
"Fever of 101 degrees F, body aches, weakness, nausea."
"Dizziness, Mild Hypertension (167/94), mild chest tightness, and flushing. Persisted for almost 3 hours, monitored BP levels and administered 12.5mg liquid diphenhydramine for allergic prophylaxis pre-BP monitoring. Had patient rest for duration, released after problem abated."
"Severe itching at site of vaccine, swelling and redness."
"96.7 degree temp, chills, 146/100 bp, headache."
No adverse events at this time.
PATIENT CALLED ON 8/16/2015 AND TALKED TO PHARMACIST ON DUTY. SHE SAID SHE HAS A HEADACHE AND JOINT PAIN. PATIENT SAID SHE WILL CALL HER DR.
Itching sensation on opposite arm; followed by generalized itching  particularly both hands. Loratadine and diphenhydramine administered.
Syncope within two minutes after injection.
Injection site reaction - bleeding and bruising within a few minutes of administration
Red swollen area around injection site - left arm 1 week after administration - Dr. prescribed antibiotic.
Localized redness and hives later developed itchy limbs and mouth took Benadryl.
Patient presented with huge red area around shot area. Sent her to E.R. and she was given an antibiotic. Not sure if infected by flu shot or just adverse effect. Her arm became sore and red shortly after receiving vaccine.
"Pt stated nausea, dizziness shortly followed by shortness of breath and extreme drowsiness."
Metallic taste in mouth started about 15 minutes aftr the shot was administered 8/19/15 until around 2 am on 8/20/15. Note: Has never had this taste before other than when she started toTOPAMAX in 2008. Tasted lasted a few months after TOPAMAX.
"Arm swell, 102F fever (4 hours after shot), shivering. Lips, fingers, toes turned slightly blue on 8/10/2015 at 3 PM. When he takes Ibuprofen slight blue color goes away."
"Woke at 5:00 am with pain, tingling, numbness on left side of neck, left arm, dizzy & lightheaded, nauseated. Went to Emergency Room where it was diagnosed as a shoulder sprain & side effect of flu vaccine. However, there was no injury or accident to account for sprain. No medication or treatment prescribed. Later that same day symptoms expanded to include pain radiating onto left side & down left leg with increasing pain & needle-like tingling. Unable to sleep, called primary care physician at 8:00 am 08/21/2015 to make appointment to be seen. By the time of appointment at 10:45, pain had increased to episodes every 15-20 minutes and hearing in left ear was affected. After careful examination by Dr., her tentative diagnosis was an allergic reaction to the flu vaccine. She prescribed a 6 day regimen of steroids & advised monitoring the condition & reporting to ER again if exacerbated."
"Severe diarrhea and nausea, episodes of vomiting, low grade temperature."
Just was not feeling like my self all day no energy then about 1:00PM my arm started to hurt and it progressively got worst to the point I could hardly move it the pain kept me up all night the next morning I got up to go to work and took my temp I was not feeling good at all and it was 102 and my arm had a raised red spot around the injection site took some Tylenol and called the Doctor they had me go into the office @4:30PM and they told me I had Cellulitis they are treating it with Cephalexin and diphenhydramine.
"Sore throat, fever, sinus congestion, cough."
"Fever, severe shaking, nausea, headache."
Patient reported pain in left arm that started the evening after receiving vaccine. FLUZONE HD. Patient seen doctor 7 days after vaccine administration on 8-20-15. Dr ruled pain to be caused by tendonitis.
"Right after getting the vaccine patient felt funny, sweaty and unable to keep her eyes open, patient helped to lie down in the exam table. Patient almost passed out. 7 PM VS taken BP 90/60, Pulse 60, Resp 18, temp 97.3. Medical alert bell pressed, pharmacy manager and store manager came to the clinic. Sent them back patient lying in exam table in no acute ditress. 7:05 PM, patient asking to drink some thing, asked boy friend to bring some drink. Boyfriend brought drink. Patient asked for water, water given to the patient to drink. Boyfriend in the room supporting patient. 7:10 PM,  patient sipping on drink and states feels weak but ok. VS taken BP 90/60, Pulse 56, Resp 18, temp 97.3. 7:15 PM patient still weak, will continue to monitor. Patient requesting her Hep A vaccine; discussed with patient in detail not to take 2 vaccines especially if she had a reaction. MOC called and notified about the incident, NP suggests she come another day to get another vaccine. 7:20 PM patient states ok but wants to sit up. VS taken BP 110/70, Pulse 60, Resp 18, temp 97.3. 7:30 PM VS taken BP 100/60, Pulse 54, Resp 18, temp 97.3. 7:45 PM patient states much better getting out of bed, able to ambulate, boyfriend is driving and discussed with boyfriend not to let her drive, he verbalizes understanding states will watch her."
"(R) (L) Deltoid 2 inch round, red, tender. Treat with BENADRYL/hydrocortisone."
"Hoarseness, Red eyes, cough, aches, fatigue."
"Severe swelling of arm on injection site, fever, headache, achy. On 08/21/2015, I went to walk-in clinic and was treated for cellulitis."
Pt complained of feeling dizzing with a tight and scratchy throat. Pt took oral Benadryl 25mg at 6:20pm.
Patient's daughter called and stated patient developed chills and vomiting after receiving 3 vaccinations. 104 degree fever. Came down with bronchitis.
"Patient's arm was sore for day or so before he developed flu like symptoms (Bone aches, cough) with swollen lymph nodes. Patient developed """"blistery pimple like hives on right underarm and right chest Feels fine now but still has hives. Patient may see MD in day or two if not resolved."""""
"Patient was stuck with a used needle when giving flu shot, no symptoms or signs."
Patient experienced pain 2 days after vaccine was administered. She says the pain has persisted and has not subsided.
On 8/23/15 pt woke up with swelling in (R) hand. He went to acute care and was given a 7 day course of cephalexin.
"Ears hurt-going to ear Dr. Eyes blurry-saw eye Dr- more floaters. Nervous extremely-called psychiatrist told therapist. Weak areas intensified-went to family doctor weak, dizzy. Legs hurt-seeing vein Dr. Teeth hurt-need crowns."
"Within hours of injection-pain at injection site, erythema, sweats, and a low grade fever. Diphenhydramine 25 mg TID, prednisone 40 mg once."
Rec'd pneumonia vaccine on 8/20/15. Started having pain and swelling within 24 hrs. Now on 8/23/15 pain is 9/10 and (R) deltoid with erythema & swelling. Painful to touch.
"Red size of golf ball (diameter), puffy, 3 inches above elbow-about 6 hours after shot no treatment needed."
Patient returned 2 days after vaccination and showed arm to pharmacist. Swollen spot of 2-3 inches across visible. Redness and warmth felt.
"Patient developed swelling, redness and knot under skin at site of injection. Arm is sore when moved. She thinks she may have a slight fever. Counseled to use ibuprofen and apply ice pack."
Swelling at site and warm to touch of left upper deltoid.
"Full body flushing, small rashes/possibly hives on chest, full body itching, feeling of warmth, arm soreness, hand numbness on injection site side, red colored chest/neck (Benadryl and ibuprofen taken)."
"Patient started passing out after the vaccination. She was conscious, but had difficulty talking. Her face started breaking out with rashes. Administered EPIPEN JR and called 911."
Rash all over face neck arms abdomen.
Sore arm. Feels like tendinitis in my left arm where the shot was given and also tendinitis in my left wrist. These symptoms were not present before flu shot was administered. It is now 11 days later and symptoms are still present. Range of motion has been limited with my left arm and this has affected my activities of daily living.
MINOR RASH DEVELOPED ON CHEST AND PATIENT C/O PAIN IN STERNUM AREA.
"Chest tightness and itching. Pt called a local 24 hour pharmacy at 11:45 and took diphenhydramine oral and remained at home. Continued diphenhydramine the next day, but did not feel she was in her usual health, and visited a walk in clinic the following day. Unknown drugs administered."
"4cm by 3.5 cm area on (L) upper arm.(+) indurated erythema non tender, slightly warm to the touch-itching-not painful -occurred 24 hours after shot."
"Pt came in with 3 x 4"""" red area at injection site. Area was warm to touch."""""
"Diffuse redness surrounding injection site, no pain associated with redness. Redness began at least 24 hours after immunization."
"Started out as a severe nose bleed, pounding headache, fever and then shortness of breath. Went to urgent care clinic & MD stated that he has seen 3 other pts w/rxn to flu shot this year."
"Apprx at the time of onset, pt reports extreme pain with flu vaccine in her dominant arm, R arm.  As of 3/21/2015 when pt came to me, pt has decreased weakness 4/5 and 10/10 pain with light touch.  Pt unable to move arm actively and passive movement increases pain.  Pain is disporportionate to touch."
Patient has a bruise that is starting to fade.
He became very light headed and couldn't breathe or hear. Gasping for breath.
Patient reports tingling in both arms and legs and tingling in the tongue. Her physician prescribed prednisone 10mg.
"Rash on arm, trunk and neck area, swelling in facial area, elevated blood pressure. Patient went to PCP and received blood pressure medication."
"Body aches, pains, fever of 103 Fahrenheit, dizziness, falls."
Flu-like symptoms the next day.
"Sharp pain w/cramping in left hand, mostly from wrist to knuckles. Pain has gone up to elbow & lasted 15 sec & happens throughout the day. Pain has gotten progressively worse in the past 3 days."
Soreness at site of injection progressed to pain in left shoulder joint. Arm is no longer sore at injection site.
5 bumps surrounded by redness on R arm (170mm x 40mm). Pt was monitored for 1 hour after adverse reaction. Pt was administered liquid Zyrtec (10mg). Treated and released.
"Pt reported feeling eye pain about 30 min. after vaccination. When falling asleep she felt as if her right eye was crusty and it hurt really bad. When she woke up the following morning, her eyes was crusted over with a white discharge. Also per pt, full deltoid muscle usually swells up."
"On last Wednesday (8/26/15), went to pharmacy and got a flu shot as well as a Prevnar. The flu shot hurt.  Area throbbed.  Took ibuprofen and iced it.  Could not sleep. Her daughter said she was slurring her words after taking some Benadryl.  Refused to come in 8/27/15. Vicodin helped with her pain.  Took it every four hours.  Then took T3 from her son the doctor.  Vomited once on Saturday after taking the T3.  In total, she has taken about seven of them as two last about 24 hours.  Now she feels """"lousy.""""  Her arm hurt this morning before she took the T3.  The area of the shot is slowly getting better, but she feels nauseated and doesn't feel like eating. Left shoulder deltoid area -  23 by 12 cm erythematous area with a large blebs of fluid under the skin.  Central bruise  is mild - ? from the injection site. Reaction after flu shot  - this is quite a response to the flu shot.  Possible cellulitis.  Will treat with keflex 500 mg tid x 5 days.  Discontinue T3, as it may be causing the nausea.  Go back to Vicodin 5/325 if absolutely needs an opiate at all.  Aim for 1/2 tab as rarely as possible.  Ice the area.  I will see her back on Friday, 9/4/15, unless it is completely resolved.  She will call me if the area of redness extends beyond the line I drew on her shoulder."""""
Patient came to Pharmacy to show me she had a black and blue bruise where the vaccine was adminstired. She did not have any pain assoicated with the brusing. She felt completely fine.
"Within 12 hours of vaccination, patient had a fever of 103. Her arm was very red and swollen. She missed 2 days of work."
"Pain and redness around injection site (2 inch diameter red circle).  Sore throat, nasal congestion, sinus pain, headache, inner ear pain, body aches, fever, coughing, sneezing.  I am still experiencing all of these symptoms (except for the problems around the site injection) 4 days later.  I also developed discharge and redness in my left eye."
Lump in bicep and redness radiating down injection arm.
"Following influenza vaccine received yesterday, I had mild tenderness and redness for a few hours following. when I woke up this morning around 0600, I noticed moderate pain without touching, redness and swelling. My provider at the medical group measured the size of the induration at 7cm by 5cm with mild erythema."
"After receiving vaccination the patient waited in waiting area until given the okay to leave. At the front cash registers the patient report heart palpitations and dizziness and was told to sat down. Pharmacist was called up to handle. Patient appeared pale and stated their heart was racing. After some water and sitting for about 15 minutes the patient appeared better and stated she felt better besides some heartburn that she normally experiences. Heart palpitations and racing went away but the patient said she didn't feel normal, possibly dehydrated and anxious due to the event."
Patient had swelling in lower arm starting 2 days after administration.
"Tingling/burning at the roof of her mouth a few hours after the vaccination.  Later the tingling also went to her tongue.  Tingling went away after a few hours.  However, stomach upset, nausea came on later that evening."
Pt. reported swelling to the face and lips.
"Headache, sweating, feeling cold, loss of appetite, severe mental depression, weakness, shaky, nightmares."
Significant bruise that spread almost entire length of upper arm.
"Flu vaccine given on 8/14/15. Patient developed worsening pain over the next 2 weeks. Pain got to the point where patient could hardly move the arm the vaccine was given in. Tried Tylenol, Aleve, and a topical pain reliever with no relief.  Patient went to urgent care and was given prescription for prednisone and advised to take her Flexeril she already had at home. Condition improved but patient is still on the prednisone and Flexeril. Urgent care provider diagnosed patient with rotator cuff tendonitis and said it was due to flu shot."
"PT DESCRIBED AS """"PUCKERY"""" LIPS (NOT PUFFY); NO TROUBLE BREATHING; CONTACTED HER PCP WHO SAID GIVE 50MG LIQUID BENADRYL PO AND IF NOT ANY BETTER W/N 1 HR GO TO ER; PT CONTACTED AFTER 1HR AND SAID NO MORE OF SAME SENSATION; FELT BETTER."""""
Patient got fainted after a Dose of Twinrix and Fluvirin injected separately.
"Red, Swollen, Warm area approximately 3 inches round at site of injection. Vaccine administered 8-27-15. Reaction occurred 9-2-15."
Patient's arm turned a whiteish color from the site of the injection down to her wrist.
Patient stated with symptoms: Flu-like symptoms. Headache. Body Ache. Allergies like symptoms (running nose).
"Aches, fever, cough."
Patient fainted several minutes after receiving both vaccinations.  She turned pale and fainted for a couple minutes. She was fine after we rehydrated her with orange juice.
Pt reports rosacea like rash in half crescent shape showing up on her back the next day that was very itchy.  Last approximately 2 days.
"Patient had an episode of syncope following immunizations (Fluzone HD, and Prevnar 13). Patient went unconscious, and EMS was dispatched. Patient did have a weakened pulse and was sweating. Patient was put in supine position with feet eleveated and ice pack placed behing neck. Patient was still breathing and had a strong pulse after elevating feet. Within 5 minutes EMS took over and patient sent to hospital. Patient called the following day saying she was okay."
"16cm x 17 cm indurated, hot, red, painful patch on left upper arm."
"Unknown time of onset, this is when patient sought treatment in Immediate Care setting; clinician notes from that encounter: """"Mom says pt had flu shot 2 days ago, then that night mom noticed his right deltoid was a bit red and a bit swelling. Swelling and redness increased since yesterday. Mom gave him Benadryl last night and maybe this am (she was not sure loratadine or Benadryl this am). His arm is a bit tender but not much pain. He still played soccer. He is still active as usual. He appeared well at home to mom besides the right arm problem. He has not had fever, swelling throat, lips, tongue, face or anywhere else besides the right upper arm. No rashes in body, abd pain, diarrhea, chest pain, SOB. He used to have mild allergies with egg and peanut at age 1 after the allergy tests. He had flu shot every year the last several years without reactions. He has been eating eggs and peanuts without reactions the last several years. Mom noted he grew out of his allergies.  He is not taking any regular medication besides vitamin. He is a healthy kid in general."""" Pt prescribed OTC analgesics and antibiotic in case infection present."""""
"Patient complained of feeling """"sick as a dog"""" with symptoms of headache, runny nose, worsening of asthma symptoms, cough, mucus in chest, feeling dizzy."""""
"Same day as vaccine, developed redness and warmth, followed by ache.  That night, pain worsened and awoke with chills.  +nasal congestion.  Continued pain, redness, warmth with blanching erythema approx 56 hours after injection."
"Patient presented to pharmacy to fill rx for antibiotic following reaction in vaccination arm. Right arm was visibly swollen, red, and patient said hot to touch."
Patient started experience itchiness at and around the site of injection 15 minutes after injection.
"Extreme bone pain and muscle aches, fatigue, worsening overnight, dizziness when lying down, fever of 101.3 when felt well enough to sit up and take temp. Bone pain was worse primarily in legs and arms hurt to move or not to move. At time of this report temp is finally down to 99 and able to sit up at 3 am on 9/5/15 took Excedrin to alleviate bone pain prior to taking temperature."
"Redness around injection site and itching the day of vaccine, redness around injection site but no itching day 2 and 3 after vaccine."
"Approximately one hour after receiving the vaccine, patient complained of chills and feeling cold. He called the pharmacy and was instructed to monitor his temperature and seek medical care for high fever or severe symptoms. He was contacted the next morning by the pharmacist and he indicated he did seek medical care at a local urgent care. He reported a peak temperature of 102.6 degrees, chills and muscle aches. Urgent care did several tests including throat swab for strep test, urinalysis and chest X-ray and could not find a conclusive cause for the fever. It was determined the fever and corresponding symptoms were a result of the influenza vaccine administered several hours prior. He was given Tylenol to lower the fever and sent home with instructions to monitor fever and seek medical care with any worsening of symptoms. The following morning he reported his fever had broken overnight and he was feeling much better approximately 16 hours post vaccination."
Patient is reporting soreness around injection site with pain and movement since date of vaccination.
Pts whole left arm went numb and the numbness has only gotten worse the last 2 days. Pt came in today (9/5/2015) and reported the problem to me.  Pt said she was going to urgent care to have a doctor look at her arm.
"Significant redness, swelling, and warmth of injection site."
Patient had bruise and red rash over large area of upper arm.
Hives.
"Upper shoulder discomfort, swelling, and pain pt used Ibuprofen and ice the next day to help with pain. Pt believes the discomfort was due to improper placement of the injection too high on the deltoid muscle possibly hitting the bursa in the shoulder."
Large red rash on arm around where she was vaccinated.
"4 days after injection, the injection site is red, itchy, swollen, hard, and warm to the touch, the redness is spreading down the arm, patient is taking Bendaryl 25 mg twice daily and using hydrocortisone 1% cream."
"Patient's wife reported patient has developed welps (1 on each knee, 1 at the left groin, and 1 at the left shoulder blade."
Pt stated she had anaphylaxis (throat swelling and closure) at around 10pm.
PATIENT COMPLAINED OF SORENESS OF UPPER LEFT ARM.  PATIENT WAS ADVISED TO APPLY ICE TO THE AREA AND IF THE SORENESS CONTINUED TO TAKE IBUPROFEN OR ACETAMINOPHEN. PATIENT WAS TAKEN TO A WALK IN CLINIC AND PRESCRIBED A MEDROL DOSE PACK ON 9/4/2015. XRAYS REVEALED NO DAMAGE TO BONE OR SURROUNDING AREA.
"PATIENT PRESENTED TO PHARMACY ON 09/05/15 AND STATED ON THE EVENING OF HER IMMUNIZATION AT OR AROUND 9 P.M. PT. EXPERIENCED ITCHY, IRRITABLE EYES AND DESCRIBED FEELING A """"FILM"""" OVER THE EYES AND HAD """"MUCOUS"""" IN CORNERS OF BOTH EYES. PT. ALSO STATED THAT THIS HAPPENED TO HER IN THE LATE 80'S OR EARLY 90'S AFTER RECEIVING A FLU SHOT."""""
"Patient's arm was tender, became red, warm and swollen.  Patient went to ER and was prescribed antibiotics."
"Pink, blotchy color on left arm (arm the shot was given in) lasted a week. Arm cramps in left arm. Headaches that last a week. Nauseous."
"Vaccine given at 10:30 AM and first symptoms between 2 to 4 hours afterwards were normal for flu vaccine (sore arm, mild headache). During the 5th to 7th hours, beginning symptoms of vision changes (blurriness) and dizziness began to manifest. By 6:00 PM and onward, symptoms became strong, including extreme dizziness while sitting, inability to focus eyes, disorientation, anxiety, numbness, dry mouth, chest tightness, and mild muscle weakness. Numbness initially presented in legs, hips and spine, spreading to face and occasionally in the tongue. Water intake was normal and I was not dehydrated, yet I still experienced dry mouth. Food intake was normal. Between late afternoon (approx. 5PM) and 4:00 AM on the morning following vaccination, symptoms continued to be intense and concerning. Around midnight, during symptoms, I reported my condition to my doctor's office using the online message system. After 4:00 AM I fell asleep. Waking 6 to 7 hours later, symptoms had become mild and mainly consisted of mild occasional dizziness and vision changes. Vision changes continued throughout Friday and Saturday but did not prevent walking or driving. On Saturday evening, about 60 hours after vaccination, I began to have a mild scratchy throat. By 8:00 AM Sunday morning, the scratchy throat had become severe and required pain medication. On Monday night (09/07/2015) symptoms of chest pain, arm and shoulder discomfort, and cough were present."
"After receiving vaccine, pt experienced nausea, vomiting, chills and has a 7 cm diameter inflamed area at injection site."
Pt complained of feeling extremely painful at the injection site. And he felt hurt moving the injection arm. 98.6 degrees F. He was advised to take ALEVE to relieve the pain. The event was reported approximately 15-20 min after the injection.
RASH DEVELOPED ON LOWER BACK.
"Patient states after about 1 and one-half hours after she left the store she started feeling odd, neck swelling trouble breathing.  She thought her diabetes might be the problem but soon ruled that out.  She was in her car and pulled over and called 911 and was transported to the hospital where she states she was given """"shots""""."""""
"Increase in systolic BP to 158mm immediately after im injection, with fall to 136 mm in 10 minutes. Four (4) hours later, strong shivering of arms and upper body with sensation of chills. Two hours later 2 episodes nausea and vomiting occurred which required a visit to emergency room. During this time patient had a temperature of 102.2 degrees F. and complained of chest tightness. EKG, blood analysis urinanalysis and chest X-ray were unremarkable. Two 500 mg Tylenol tablets were administered in ER and one 500 mg tablet was given on return to home at 10:00 PM. Temperature was normal (98.7 degrees) at 9:30 AM the following day and none of the previous symptoms were present."
Patient developed a rash with welts within 3 hours of being administered Fluzone HD.
Noticed patient arm was red in spot of flu shot I asked her if it hurts and she said just itchy.
"Headache, rash, itching and pain in rash area on lt side of face, left arm, midline epigastric area, neck. Residual rash after 1 week."
"HARD LIKE A LUMP AT SITE OF INJECTION, REDNESS, SORE, AND WARM TO TOUCH, NO FEVER. PATIENT TOOK ONE ALEVE 200MG. (RECOMMENDED COLD COMPRESS BUT PATIENT HAS NOT HAD A CHANCE TO DO THAT YET)."
R arm area swelled and hurt lasted 3 days no treatment sought. No evidence of problem today when she came in to report event.
"SWELLING, REDNESS AND PAINFUL AT LEFT ARM. AFTER THE PATIENT TOOK BENADRYL AND IBUPROFEN, SHE FELT NO PAIN ANY MORE BUT THE REDNESS AND SWELLING STILL THERE."
"Red area about 2-3 inches down from a small bruise which patient believes is the shot site. It is red, a little swollen and measures ~2"""" x 3"""". Not painful."""""
Patient experienced nausea and vomiting the day after the vaccine. Did not have any other recent changes that would have caused it.
Redness at inj site. No fever.
"Swelling, redness, inflammation (warmth) (severe) at injection site more so than a normal site reaction."
Reaction unknown-vaccine for PREVNAR 13 give SQ instead of IM-tried contacting patient and left message-have not heard back. I called manufacturer...no need to revaccinate but may cause mild site reaction.
"Guest was given FLUARIX which she also received the previous year with no issues. She stayed in store for a little bit afterwards and when she got home (at least 20 minutes) after she noticed a rash all over her body. Recommended she take BENADRYL (2 tab). Watch for s/s of trouble breathing, increased HR or BP go to ER. If rash gets worse on BENADRYL call family MD or go to ER."
"Pain and tenderness at injection site. Severe headache by 1 PM. 5 p Body aches and weakness. 6 p Bad sore throat, cough. 102 degree fever-7 p. On 8/31 woke with swollen eyes, 100 degree temp, aches."
"Vaccine administered at 9:15AM, rash reported from cheeks down to torso by mother at 6PM; rec. MD antihistamines (fexofenadine)."
"Redness on upper arm, does not hurt or itch."
"Vaccine was given on 9/6/2015 at 5:10 PM and on 9/8/15 at/around 3PM she called and reported that she became sick with flu-like symptoms (nasal/chest congestion, cough, body aching, tiredness) she also went to hospital/ER."
Pt reports-red rash and swelling (hot to the touch) in left arm. Severe redness. MD felt it was cellulitis and prescribed KEFLEX 500mg 1 bid x 10d on 09-03-15.
Ears swelling at night. Rash on chest and arms.
Shot given 2:34 pm. Severe site pain (arm) and SOB at 5:30 pm. Spiked fever overnight and had nausea and extreme fatigue.
"Swelling, warmth, redness, itchiness, fever x 1 day."
Syncopal Episode (< 10 seconds). Pt regained consciousness. No anaphylaxis. No SOB.
"Large, red, swollen, tender, itch rash to (L) deltoid area."
"Swelling of the tongue, red mouth that was raw, inflamed gums. Local site reaction-swollen and red spot. Patient did not treat or seek treatment."
"Yellow fever vaccine -> severe fatigue, weakness."
"(R) arm became red and swollen. No fever, chills or other constitutional symptoms noted."
None stated.
"Dizzy, sore throat and mucus in throat, uncontrolled chewing motion."
"Lower back pain-sharp, felt nausea after pain for awhile."
"2 hours after receiving vaccine she became very cold, shakiness, tired, chills, tingling, extremely thirsty, also felt like her tongue swelled up. Went to emergency. Everything was ok."
"Fever day of and day after vaccines, rash -> E. multiforme developed 3 days after vaccines."
Patient's husband reported to the pharmacy that the night she received the vaccine she developed a fever and started to shake violently during the night while in bed.
Severe body aches. Very localized reaction at injection site (LA).
"Red, swollen, hot area at elbow and slightly above. Pt advised to use ice, ibuprofen and seek medical attention if not improved. Pt. saw MD next day (9/6/15)."
"Redness, warmth, soreness on left arm in roughly an 8 x 5 in circle."
Patient received High Dose flu shot and Saturday had hives. Went to hospital and recieved steroids and eyes were able to be open 2 days later on the 8th.
"103' Fever, chills, cold sweats throughout 2 nights (9/5 and 9/6) after flu shot. Intense migraine/headache pain and pressure that caused confusion, blurry vision and dizziness from 9/5 to 9/9 (still recurring as of this post)."
Patient complains of redness and warmth at injection site.
"Per patient's wife, patient started experiencing symptoms which included rash on the under part of the arm - not at the site of the injection, slow heart rate, and fever/chills, approximately 8 hours after receiving vaccines (Fluzone HD and Pneumovax).  Both were given in the Left Deltoid approximately 1 inch apart. According to wife, symptoms lasted approximately 48 hours. Patient is doing better and did not seek medical attention during this time."
"SWELLING AND REDNESS AT SITE OF SHOT, VOMITING AND DIARRHEA. DR PRESCRIBED ZOFRAN."
Swelling between neck and elbow in right arm.  Limited mobility in right arm.  Muscle pain in right arm after receiving Pneumovax 23.
"9/1 Client called to report extreme vertigo, sweating, nausea, feels cold, clammy and tingling in hands. Advised client to see PCP. Stated had taken promethazine and nausea was somewhat better. Spoke w/ client later that day-was at E.R. 9/2 Spoke w/ client. Treated w/ Rx for promethazine and ANTIVERT. Feels better. 9/3 Spoke w/ client. Sx resolving."
Patient complained of a headache that started in the night and has not gone away yet.
Sore arm and swelling of hand.
"Gave shot, immediately felt dizzy, sweating, nausea. Called paramedics. Paramedics found bundle branch block on EKG and took her to ER."
Wrong vaccination given. DTaP given instead of Tdap. Pt is pregnant.
"After receiving her flu vaccine, she stood up and felt lightheaded. She then felt flushed, had right ear pain and throat discomfort. She went to ED she was treated with BENADRYL and prednisone."
"Tingling down spine, arms and legs. Hands and feet numb and chest heaviness. These symptoms present 8 hours. Told pt to call 911 or go to ER."
Redness from mid delt to elbow after 4 days. Itching 4 days after.
"Fever, redness and tenderness to injection site."
"Pt got HIGH DOSE flu vaccine NDC: 49281-0397-65 on 8/31, then 9/1 woke up with no grip in hand and wrist pain (on arm where vaccine was administered). Pt advised to seek med attention per Sanofi (manufacturer)."
Swelling in arm following down vien. About 9 inches. No symptoms. When reported signs have disappeared.
Patient was administered 2 vaccines in the left deltoid on 8/23/15. Patient returned 8/24/15 with feelings of dizziness and swelling in the upper left arm with itching. Patient was given 25mg Diphenhydramine.
Patient noticed significant shoulder pain upon waking 8/19/15. Pain has not disappeared and resulted in a dr. visit 8/31/15.
Patient described allergic reaction of rash all over her belly.
Patient experienced debilitating weakness and nausea. She was bedridden for two full days before recovering.
"Woke up next-morning with back pain down to right leg. Throbs, soreness, numbness until morning."
Day after administration patient experienced uncontrollable shaking of extremities and also went to sleep & woke upon floor. But doesn't remember. Went to hospital diagnosed with UTI.
"Patient had pain & swelling of shoulder where injection was administered, and was unable to lift arm by herself."
"Vaccinated 9/2/15. Site warm, red, swelling 9/2/15, 9/3/15 itching 9/2."
3 minutes post HPV vaccine patient fainted and was breathing with shallow breaths along with pale complexion. Had 5-8 seconds of mild body jerking with eyes straight ahead. Became conscious and talkative 10 seconds later. TILTS done and were normal.
"An hour later, sweating profusely and started blacking out. Visual impairment-was seeing red moving spots and could not see around them. Pain in neck on both sides and very SOB. Serious diarrhea immediately that was white and smelled like metal. At least an hour to subside."
Patient reported severe pain at the injection site of the PREVNAR 13 vaccine.
"Swelling of arm, rash, pain."
Redness and swelling at injection site which lasted over 1 week.
"Arm was stiff and pain was shooting down into her hand. Took ALEVE in the morning and the pain resolved, she had difficulty lifting her arm in the evening but by morning it was resolved."
Fever of 103 degrees F and aches. Redness at injection site was normal. Cough went to Dr. and had chest xray. Lower left lobe cloudy in otherwise healthy adult. In bed for 2 days after. Better but non-productive cough on day 4 in the afternoon.
"Hard, swollen (about 5"""" diameter-slightly raised and firm) spot at injection site of PREVNAR-13 inj.-area red and warm started 3 days after inj. began to resolve 4-5 days later also large bruising area about 4"""" x 5"""" and below by 4"""" of FLUVIRIN injection on opposite arm-may or may not be from flu shot."""""
"Vomit, nausea, flu-like sxs, fever>99F. Pateint reported that she doing better, but was still weak & tired."
"Rash, swelled, painful, hives at the injection site of upper left arm. Hives on the left arm."
Feeling lightheadedness an hour after receiving vaccine. Called pt to follow up and she is feeling better.
"Rec'd 15 mo vaccinations 9/02/15 at WCE. Also had 0.25 FLU. (+) edema, redness 9/03/15. Seen 9/04/15 in office for s/s. (+) (Lt) thigh with faint pink area approximately 6 cm diameter with slight warmth & induration. Tx = ibuprofen-prn/BENADRYL-prn/warm compresses."
Awakened from sleep with a continuous ROARING tinnitus in left ear--(loud as an air-raid warning horn) that persisted for 1/2 hour and then recurred 12 hours later---lasting for 1 hour.
"Itchy red patches on arm shoulder, neck and torso on same side as the injection site.  Red bumps on opposite arm.  Advised to report to after hours care.  Did not report to Dr.  Medicated with OTC drugs Benadryl 2 pills twice daily for 3 days."
"At 4 PM I started to get a severe sore throat and very bad runny nose-by 730PM I was in bed in pain-weak-difficulty breathing, headache-I am not a sleeper but I felt I passed out for 6 solid hours. When I woke I struggled to get out of bed-very weak-lot of body pain-stumbling so weak. Took a lot of TYLENOL to try to help. Mucus eyes almost like pink eye/red/swollen. Dry mouth/lips. Bad taste. Slight fever. Generally in the past I'll get the sore arm and generally a sore throat. This time was scary. Should I get a flu shot next year?"
"EE c/o swelling, redness, itchy and pain that began 1-2 hrs after receiving flu shot on 9/8/15. Presents 9/9/15 for treatment. Denies home care."
Redness around vaccination site.
"Chest tightness, SOB, """"asthma"""" like symptoms."""""
"Fever 102, pain in left arm, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea."
Pt had swelling & redness around the area of injection with no pain.
Large circular rash at site of injection which has worsened since time of injection. Shingles like rash on torso that developed in the 2 days after injection. Pt has not yet seeked treatment but will see PCP 9/11.
"Itchy, soft ball sized red spot on administration site."
"NEXT DAY AFTER THE VACCINATION SHE HAD REDNESS AROUND THE INJECTION SITE (3 INCH DIAMETER), AND IT WAS ITCHY AT THE INJECTION SITE."
Patient is a diabetic and states 20 minutes after injection his blood sugar was low and he was eating. Patient called back around 5pm having chills. Paramedic responded and he did not have a seizure only chills. Wife suspected a seizure. Patient did not go to the hospital.
A third party reported that pt experienced vomiting and diarrhea after receiving vaccine.
"""Super headache, coughing, throat phlegmy""""."""""
"She felt cold, pain in shoulder hip and knee joints and joints of hand, felt nauseous around 1 am. Felt tired. When she called around 9:30 am she was feeling better."
Third party reported that pt experienced vomiting and diarrhea after receiving the vaccine.
Prevnar 13 administered in right deltoid.  Red rectangular patch appeared at injection site approximately 5 day following injection. Fluzone HD administered in left deltoid.  Arm became swollen on inside of elbow which appeared day after injection.
"Patient's right arm, which is where PNEUMOVAX 23 was administered, swelled, turned red, and was hot to the touch. Pt also had difficulty moving this arm."
"Got on 9/9 dry throat, eyes bloodshot that night chills, headache, fast HR-started at 2pm-mild sx 2 yrs ago w/ flu shot. 9/10-still have sx but more mild."
Wheeze/coughing/feeling like breathing obstructed. Also sore arm at injection site. Took a Benadryl at 5:00 PM. Symptoms gone next morning.
"Allergic reaction to vaccine. Erythema, tenderness, and swelling, itchiness at injection site. TX symptomatically with BENADRYL, ibuprofen, and ice packs."
Spotty on left front chest and back. Pt mentioned some pain as well as itch.
"Shortness of breath and rapid heart rate. 09/11/2015 7:00 AM Area where I received the injection is red, swollen, hot and tender to the touch.  Stopped at Dr. office at 9:00 AM for her to look at it.  Prescribed antibotic."
Redness and swelling in arm administered (left).
"Pt returned to pharmacy 2 days after administration, red, rash like area on arm below where shot administered, hot to touch. Visited urgent care."
"Tingling in tongue, tightness in jaw. Oral liquid Benadryl self-administered at 10:00 AM, Personal EPI pen self-administered at 10:10 AM."
"Nausea, extreme shoulder pain, limited arm motion.  Swollen and very tender to the touch."
"Patient slumped down in chair, was non-responsive. 911 called immediately, was moved carefully to horizontal position on floor. Patient was able to nod head in response to questions, and swallowed 2 Benadryl and some water at around 04:12 PM. Patient's breathing became more labored, and lips started to become a blue color, and she was increasingly non-responsive. A dose of Epi-pen 0.3mg was administered at 04:15 PM. EMS arrived shortly thereafter and took patient to hospital."
Patient was given Afluria influenza injection. As bandaid was being applied to injection site patient slouched over in chair and lost consciousness for approximately 10-15 seconds. Patient was given water to drink and cold compresses were applied to forehead and both wrists. Patient appeared pale after event with some perspiration on forehead. Prior to immunization patient reported no reaction in past to immunizations. After adverse event patient reported that he had passed out before during a blood draw and thought he had experienced a seizure during that episode. Patient was held in immunization area and supervised for 20 minutes and then walked off on his own after he confirmed that he was doing fine.
Patient told that he was feeling dizzy after he recived the shot.
"Hives noted starting at site of MMR injection and spreading over body over next 24 hours. Patient happy and playful, no anaphylaxis."
Patient felt fainty and sweaty. Patient felt nauseous and could not focus eyes.
"Nausea, Vomiting, Diarrhea, low grade fever."
"Left arm swollen, red, and hot to touch (full length of arm). Pt has had fever, light headed, has been in bed since Wednesday. (day of shot)"
"Swelling, redness and tenderness down the arm. Not at injection site cellulitis like reaction."
"I really don't know time of injection, ask patient.  Severe headache, body aches, fever 102, red and tender L deltoid 12 x 7 cm size, sore throat.  Rapid strep neg.  Swollen tender glands in sup cervical areas."
"Per patient she is experienced bronchospasms around 8pm and saw PCP today who gave her a breathing treatment and prescribed the following: Ventolin, Medrol dose pack, and Benadryl. She also stated that her blood pressure may have been elevated but is uncertain as she did not check her levels and also did not take her regular blood pressure medication once she experienced symptoms.  Patient stated that she felt better today especially after breathing treatment administered at doctor's visit but is not 100% recovered."
"9/9 - Patient developed a penny sized bruise the evening of vaccination. It was described as sore and had shooting pain. 9/10 - bruise became rash like, warm, and symptoms persisted. Grew to the size of a half-dollar coin. 9/11 - at the time of reporting, the rash was rectangular in shape (approx 1""""x2.5""""), warm to the touch. Patient reports shooting pain of 4-5 and not able to sleep on the side of arm where shot was given. Patient denies pain or soreness at the site of Prevnar 13 injection (RA, deltoid). Some soreness was reported for LA deltoid from flu shot, patient has hx of soreness with flu shot)."""""
"Severe soreness, pain, aching, stiffness, lack of range of motion in shoulder, neck and upper portion of arm above injection site."
"Swelling, skin is hot to touch, painful. Swelling is spreading as the day  progressed."
"Large (>4in,) red, raised, hot rash at injection site."
NONE.
"Chills, fever of 102.5 for over three days, headaches, sharp pains all over body, cough, extreme fatigue, nausea to point of not being able to eat. Nausea, fatigue, dizziness, weakness, muscle pain has continued on. Extreme soreness of arm and arm is still swollen with red patches all over the area the shot was received."
Patient given flu vaccine at 1:10pm on 9/12/2015. 1:15pm Signs of nausea and dizziness. 1:25pm Signs of headache and gland swelling. 1:30pm Tongue and throat slight swelling. 1:30pm EMT called. 1:33pm EpiPen 0.3mg injection administered in left thigh. 1:35pm Patient stated improvement in symptoms and breathing. 1:45pm Fire and Rescue arrived and began assessing patient. 1:50pm EMT arrive and take over pt care. 2:15pm Patient transported to ER.
RED SWOLLEN AREA OF 3 IN. X 2 IN. PATIENT HAS TAKEN BENADRYL AND WAS ADVISED TO APPLY A COLD COMPRESS TO AREA FOR 15 MIN. PT WILL MONITOR FOR BREATHING ISSUES.
"Felt hot, got sweaty, breathing rapidly, got very pale and felt like she would throw up. Gave an ice pack and monitored. She sat until 4:00 PM (25-30 minutes). Left feeling relatively well."
"Injection site swelling, redness, soreness. 2 Advil taken, ongoing pain."
"Vomiting, diarrhea, fever, sore throat."
Patient developed a rash on the opposite side of her from where the Zostavax vaccine was given.  Pt also recieved a HD flu shot on the same arm and rash was 3 inches below that shot.  Pt was concerned and went to an ER doctor who prescribed Keflex 500 1 qid for 7 days.
"Pain, swelling, bruising. Was seen at urgent care and received prednisone and Benadryl."
"As I was leaving the hospital I started feeling VERY cold. My husband got a blanket from the back of the car, put quickly got MUCH worse. I was moaning uncontrollably. My mouth and throat got very dry. Vomited at least 3-4 times. After a 15 minute ride home, I got under a few blankets, and fell asleep for about 2 hrs. I felt like none of it happened when I woke up."
"Pt developed 2-3 inch localized reaction. Hx of (L) mastectomy/lymphedema, pt had both PCV 13 & flu in (R) deltoid. Denies fever. Ice compress el/ibuprofen-issue is resolving."
Starting Fri 9/11/15 arm was achy and painful at injection site. On Sat 9/12/15 she reported redness abt the size of a softball around injection site and swelling.
"Chills, feel tired/sick, sore and swollen on left arm. Rest, sleep and lots of fluid. Pt recovered on 9/9/15."
"For 1 night, fever approximately 100 degrees F-101 degree F; aches, chills, N/V, malaise; pt. reported no issues with FLUZONE HD last year."
Patient got a FLUZONE HD shot on 9/9/15. Patient came to pharmacy to inquire about reaction to shot site. Patient proceeded to primary care doctor. Antibiotics given for cellulitis.
Patient got a FLUZONE HD shot on 9/9/15. Patient came to store to inquire about reaction to arm. Patient proceeded to primary care for treatment. Antibiotics given to patient for cellulitis.
"Pt. returned to clinic 5 hours after vaccination. Reporting nausea, headache, fatigue, rapid heart beat dizziness and weakness. Patient advised to go to emergency room and inform of receiving vaccine."
"Large red area, swelling, hot to touch. Starting evening when shot was administered, cough, headache, very tired-referred to primary physician told her to apply ice pack."
"Large, red, swollen right upper arm to elbow on 8/3/15. Very sore. BENADRYL/ice."
8/27/15 pneumonia vaccine - arm sore & red (spot size of tennis ball) for approximately 10 days-1st 2 days could not raise arm above shoulder-applied ice after calling dr on 6th day-was Okay after approximately 12 days-had bad headache first 24 hrs and very sleepy.
Patient called HD informing nurse she had received flu shot at apt on Wednesday and noticed raised knot type area near injection site.
Dizziness followed by severe headache.
Patient called 11:38 am 9/4/15 stating that his arm was slightly swollen and he had a low grade fever after getting a PREVNAR 13 and AFLURIA flu shot on 9/3/15 at 6:00 pm pharmacist on duty told patient to take ibuprofen and call MD if worsens.
Grapefruit sized bruise on arm recommended physician examine to rule out infection.
"Patient stopped into store on 9-4-15 and informed me that 12 hours after receiving HIGH DOSE flu shot she developed an upset stomach, aching bones, & diarrhea. She is fine now."
"9/5/15-pt. came into rx with redness and raise skin at and around site of injection (L) arm- approx. 4""""x3"""" and 2x2""""-under that. Patient complained of SOB and soreness of the back upper middle. Patient states that she has asthma and was pulling plants the day after shot. She was told to go to ER should she have ant difficulty breathing."""""
"9/4 Fever, rash -> on left arm, dizziness, patient said wife noticed an increase heart rate. 9/5 Patient reported was doing fine now."
"Fever (103.4 degrees F by 3:00 am) & 102 degrees F. Pt took ASA 325 mg, then fever subsided and delirious, holding on to bed, couldn't follow directions. Temp 97 degrees in am next morning"
"Shoulder pain, restricted arm movement."
"Fever to 102.6, nausea with vomiting."
Patient was given the Fluzone HD indicated for patients 65 years of age and older. The patient is only age 54 at time of administration.
"Nausea, patient went to urgent care and received prescription for phenergan 12.5mg."
Sudden onset chills (patient described as seizure like) and high fever. Lasted overnight for about 10 hours. Was gone the next day. No treatment used.
Shortly after the patient received vaccinations she complained of back pain and spasm.
"Area just under injection site appeared raised and puffy. Also had a light red/pink color with some slight bruising. Patient said site was painful when being touched. Patient was recommended to put a cold compress on site, and take an oral pain reliever such as Motrin or Tylenol. Also advised to notify physician and pharmacy if anything changes or progresses."
"IMMEDIATELY UPON INJECTION, A FIRM BUMP THE SIZE OF A DIME FORMED AT THE SITE OF INJECTION.  PATIENT DENIED ANY SHORTNESS OF BREATH, DIZZINESS. SHE STATED SHE FELT """"FINE."""" AN ICE PACK WAS PLACED AT INJECTION SITE AND PATIENT WAS ASKED TO BE OBSERVED FOR 15 MINUTES.  AFTER 10 MINUTES OF OBSERVATION, THE BUMP AND REDUCED IN SIZE AND PATIENT INSISTED SHE FELT FINE AND LEFT THE FACILITY AGAINST THE PHARMACIST'S ADVICE."""""
"Pt developed a rash spreading from the diaper area to the limbs.  The rash is macular, 1-2 mm in diameter, without secondary lesions.  Some coalesence of lesions in the diaper area. Ddx also includes viral exanthem and heat rash."
"COUGH, CHEST TIGHTNESS, ARM IS SORE AND SWOLLEN A LITTLE.  CHEST TIGHTNESS IS WORSE WHEN COUGHING."
"Patient states her arm hurt from her Prevnar vaccine to the point she can no longer lift her arm. Patient has has tried heat, cold, Tylenol, ibuprofen, and profession massage, and arm still hurts to the point she can no lift it on her own. Patient reported to the pharmacy on 9/15/2015 her symptoms and was advised that if symptoms continue, she should seek additional medical attention."
"Pain in arm after flu shot. Stabbing pain. Got pneumonia shot 8 days later, same arm. Now experiencing muscle spasms, limited range of motion, weakness and pain. Pain is 5/10 when sleeping, or attempting to use arm. Has gotten worse with time. ALEVE, TYLENOL, ADVIL do nothing for pain."
"Patient reported a red warm rash going down arm from deltoid down past elbow, noticed at 9/12/15 9:00 pm, saw primary physician on 9/14/15 & was diagnosed w/adverse reaction. Started KEFLEX & prednisone."
Seen ER 9/13. (R) arm swelling s/p KINRIX vaccine on 9/11/15. Seen in our office 9/14 for follow up ER dx with cellulitis. Temp 100 on cephalexin. Area improved.
Pt received FLUZONE HD around noon on 9-12-15. At 7 pm her BP read 165/97. She took BP meds; retested later and it decreased to 108/65 at 9:45 pm. AM of 9-13-15 BP=165/97. Took BP meds-retested at 9:45 pm: 108/68. Pt BP usually not above 140/80 not normally is in the 130s at the highest per pt.
Progressively got worse. Fever. Headache. Chest congestion. Diarrhea. Got shot Tuesday felt better Saturday.
24 hours after vaccination-rt arm red hot (extended from shoulder to mid torso). Also flu symptoms & slight fever. Worsened symptoms on 2md day. Treated with ibuprofen & APAP. Began to improve on day 2. By am of day 4 symptoms gone.
"High fever 102.5. Chills body ache. Nausea, vomiting. Went to ER. High heart rate."
"Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a 60 year old female patient. Concurrent condition included pain. Past drug history was unknown. Medical history included no conditions weakening her immune system and no vaccines within the last week. On 28-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX, 0.65 ml, subcutaneously (lot # was L020482, expiration date 02-SEP-2016, strength unknown) and FLUVIRIN (Novartis), 0.5ml once intramuscularly (lot # 1514601, expiration date 01-MAY-2016, strength unknown). Her concomitant medication included possibly an unknown pain medication. On 29-AUG-2015, the patient experienced redness, swelling and hot to touch at the injection site, nausea, weakness and round welts. On 30-AUG-2015, she felt worse. On an unknown date, the pharmacist advised her to use a cold compress to alleviate the swelling, but it did not work. There was no lab performed. As of 30-AUG-2015, it was unknown if she would have the ZOSTAVAX or the FLUVIRIN again and the patient continued to experience worsened redness, swelling, and hot to touch at the injection site as well as nausea, weakness, and round welts. Causality between events and ZOSTAVAX was not reported. This is one of two reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested."
The injection site swelled within hours of adminstration. Her face turned red and hot as well.
"Approximately 2 inch red circle, warm to touch that lasted about 3 days. Patient reports spike in blood sugars (190-210) over normal blood sugar (100-130) for approximately 3 days but have since returned to normal. Patient reports having had similar reactions in past but this years was more pronounced and lasted longer."
"Nauseous, light headed, jaw pain, neck back pain. BP taken in his office (L) arm manually 118/82 P up 87. Glucose take by PT/meter 118 pt hx of diabetes. PCP conversation w/TL on 9/3/15, nurse believes pt was having a cardiac and/or diabetic episode."
"Approx. 7 hours after injection, pt. developed symptoms of headache. chills, tight muscles."
Red area surrounding site of vaccination.
Patient had swelling at injection site. First informed patient to use cold compresses at injection site. Patient was also informed to go to ER/Urgent care of swelling increased in area or temperature developed. Patient returned next day area of swelling increased and patient was instructed to go to urgent care.
"Patient stopped by the pharmacy the day after she got her flushot to say she had an allergic reaction to the flushot. Patient said her arm starting hurting about an hour after the vaccine so she took some otc pain med, and about 2 hours after her face started to swell and she felt like her throat was closing. Patient states she took some Benadryl then and now most of the swelling has subsided."
"After vaccination pt described arm as becoming swollen from (R) shoulder to elbow, becoming very warm to touch w/ softball size nodule at injection site. As of 9/15/15, swelling was reduced, but still had softball size bruise at injection site."
"Nausea/vomiting, hot/red/swelling around injection site noted approx. 14 hours after administration. Given ZOFRAN ODT and cefadroxil antibiotic."
Approximately 1 hr following immunizations-patient reported to medical with raised hive like rash on (R) upper arm-large bumps about 6-7 in number with c/o itching-(L) arm 2 raised hive like bumps with itching-slight wheeze LLL-no facial edema-no SOB-Epi 0.3mg administered via EPIPEN.
"Patient given vaccine at CPE on 9/10/15, reports onset of full body hives on 9/11/-9/14/15."
"Patient got sick at work at 5pm, so several hours after the vaccine was given. His daughter states he was coughing and then he fainted."
Pediatric dose given to adult. Have patient return for additional dose.
"Fever, headache, muscle aches, fatigue."
Patient got faint after getting immunization and fainted. He got up after a few seconds.
Patient presented to ER complaining of a rash that started the day after he had received a Fluzone HD and a Pneumovax-23 immunization in the left arm. The rash was encircling the deltoid area and was erythematous & hot. May have had a fever.
45 minutes post injection pt presented feeling unwell progressing to  nausea/vomiting/diarrhea plus aches and fever of 102.
Hives on legs and back started on Friday and resolved on Sunday.  Patient did not feel sick.
"Fever between 103-105 degrees F for 5 days, extreme exhaustion, muscle weakness, pain head to toe, dizziness, heartbeat racing, sweating profusely, chills, very off balance. This is day 6, still dizzy, off balance, fever down to 100.8deg F. Took Tylenol whenever awake, to no avail."
"Itchy rash on chest, neck, arms. Blotchy red skin.  Advised diphenhydramine, which patient took. At 8:45 AM the next day, all symptoms had resolved."
"Bloodshot itchy eyes, tightness in chest, difficulty taking deep breaths, unable to focus, weakness."
"One to two days after getting the PREVNAR-13 shot, patient developed moderate to severe bruising, swelling, pain, and hematoma approximately 1 to 1.5 inches around the injection site on right arm."
"Pt received FLUZONE vaccine. She stated she had a fever, body aches and SOB. She took an ADVIL and called back 2 hours later that she feels better."
Patient had discomfort at injection site and went to urgent care where it was determined patient had infection. Treated with antibiotics. Site was red when presented to the pharmacist.
"Nausea, dizziness, headache and flushing of face an hour after injection."
"Pt states that day after vaccine starting having pain, swelling and redness at injection site, a week after pt started having itching and continued swelling."
Plunger on vaccine did not depress when attempted to administer.
"Dizziness, weakness, fatigue, would feel better for a few hours, then stayed in bed the entire next day, still on and off and it is 9-16-15."
"Dizziness, fell asleep, vomiting and continued dizziness. This was over the course of about 10 minutes when paramedics then arrived and transported her for further evaluation."
"Red, swollen raised area."
Rash - Itch - using Benadryl and hydrocortisone cream.
PATIENT SAID DEVELOPED A DOZEN ULCERS IN HER MOUTH AND THROAT. SHE WENT TO HER DENTIST WHO GAVE HER A DEXAMETHASONE MOUTHWASH THAT SHE USED FOUR TIMES DAILY. SHE ALSO DEVELOPED COLD SORES WHICH SHE USED ABREVA FOR.
"Syncope episode after receiving second scheduled dose of HPV vaccine, with resultant fall from parents lap. Pt had involuntary motions and short loss of awareness. After hitting floor s/p fall & hitting head. Monitored, EMS called, resolved prior to EMS visit. Had decreased PO intake first day per patient."
Large bruising at injection site.
"Presented with pain, swelling & itching of the left proximal arm. Left arm with small area of induration (about 2mc in diameter), erythema, warmth & swelling however expands down near antecubital fossa."
Swelling and tenderness noted along left supraclavicular area.
"The patient reported that there was some irritation, itching, redness, and warmth that began under the injection site and spread to just under the bicep. She reported this today but she reported that it is getting better already."
Upon getting shot patient satated stomach pain and said he felt dizzy upon standing. Checked patient blood pressure and blood glucose. After a few minutes (15-20 minutes) patient left pharmacy stating he was fine soon therafter.
Patient said that the immunizations were very painful when being injected subcutaneously and uncomfortable for many days. When in on 9/16/2015 the arm appeared normal and patint said there was no more pain.
Swelling around injection site and nausea and generally not feeling well.
Swelling and redness at site of injection. Soreness in arm when moving or lifting arm.
Pt felt shortness of breath. Chest pain. Condition resolved after approximately 10-15 min. Cleared by EMT.
"Rash and pain. Not horribly significant, but I figured this information might be helpful to someone tracking the affects of the vaccine. I feel fine otherwise, and don't feel it is a problem at this time."
Whole upper arm swelled up and became red from elbow to shoulder - inside and outer arm. At time reporterd-no swelling or redness at all.
Red blister type rash over hands arms legs feet-none on face no fever.
"Patient received the FLUZONE HIGH-DOSE on the left arm on 9/14/15. On 9/15/15 evening, she came to the pharmacy and reported reswollen left arm with rashes."
"Patient felt nauseous, lips were swollen, spent the night sick in bed after the flu shot."
"Vomiting once, pain all over, sore muscles/joint. Chills, fatigue."
"(L) arm received flu vaccine 9/15/15. C/o pain, can't life arm & """"knot"""" underarm."""""
"After receiving the FLUVIRIN (MDV) vaccine, the patient's arm display erythema, red/raised circle around injection site approximately 2 inches in diameter and warm to the touch. Patient does not report pain or discomfort."
"She had redness, itchy and warm feeling below the injection site it started shortly after the vaccination went away for a while and came back the next day. Has redness down the arm, warm to touch & some itching."
"Pt had a solid hematoma (very bad bruise) from shoulder to elbow, bronchitis, ear infection, sinusitis, water at the bottom of her lungs, pain at injection site. Happened after shot was given, she went to the dr and was given a course of antibiotic."
Pt had pruritis and redness of upper right extremity. Pt also experienced itchiness in the area.
Pt described having headache & nausea after getting flu shot. Called the pharmacy 5 days after having had flu shot. Not sure if it's from flu shot or other underlying condition.
"Initial unsolicited report received from a nurse on 08 September 2015. This case involves a 66-year-old male patient who was vaccinated with an intramuscularly dose (dose and dose series not reported) of FLUZONE HD (batch number UI428AA, expiry date 18 March 2016), in the left deltoid on 03 September 2015. Illness at time of vaccination was reported as not applicable. Pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions was reported as hypertension (HTN), arthritis, and remote history of prostate cancer (CA). Concomitant medications were not reported. On 03 September 2015, same day following the vaccination, the patient visited the ENT specialist for acute hearing loss. It was not indicated if the hearing loss was unilateral or bilateral, or how soon after the vaccination it was noted, but was stated as soon after the vaccination. It was reported that, patient required emergency room/doctor visit. Lab data included and corrective treatment was not reported. At the time of this report, the patient had not recovered from the event. Upon medical review, the case was considered as serious due to important medical event: acute hearing loss. List of documents held by sender: none."
Syncope-called 911 classic symptoms; dx at hospital was fear of needles; no meds needed.
Injection site not healed; Has trouble moving arm (Does not have full range of motion).
"Noticed skin reaction on opposite arm...not a rash, but wrinkling of skin, like it is crumpled tissue paper. It has progressively spread to other arm, breast area, and now neck. It is not itchy or bothersome."
"Nausea, stomach pain, headache, achy joints."
"A couple hours after receiving vaccine, patient got home & sais she was very cold, weak & shaking uncontrollable. She went to bed, woke up & took a TYLENOL & has been fine since then."
"Swelling, soreness and bruising around injection site. Swelling lasted for 2-3 days, then subsided."
Ache/pain of shoulder blade and elbow of arm used for injection.
"Pt had HIGH DOSE flu shot today at 11AM. Developed SOA, wheezing about 1:30 PM. Unresponsive to albuterol inhaler. Chest tightness worsened with, film over eyes and vision distorted prompted call to clinic. Advised to present immediately. Chest tightness, heaviness to lungs progressed in route. No oral swelling. Had been feeling well."
Local reaction at injection site nickel sized round red tender surrounded by light bruise about 2 inches diameter and then whole upper arm swollen and light pink and warm to touch progressed to above elbow even up to 30 hours later - relieved a little by ice and feeling better and appearing lighter morning of day 3 with day 1 being day of injection.
"Patient described that she experienced chills, elevated heart rate, and shortness of breath after receiving high dose influenza and Prevnar vaccines."
"Swelling and heat located 2-3 inches below injection site on right arm. Instructed patient to put ice on the area and take Benadryl. If no improvement by tommorrow morning, contact physician."
"3"""" red swollen area around the injection site. Headache and generally feeling bad."""""
PT REPORTED TINGLING IN HANDS/FEET/AND LIPS. DID NOT HAVE DIFFICULTY BREATHING OR SWELLING OF TONGUE/MOUTH. DISPENSED LIQUID BENADRYL TO PT FOR ADMINISTRATION AS SOON AS SHE GOT HOME AS SHE INTENDED TO DRIVE AND IT MAKES HER TOO SLEEPY.
"Cough, felt in the lungs."
"Patient calls and says that the evening of vaccination, she wakes up with nausea and vomiting and very sensitive skin to the touch. General malaise and lack of energy continues through the next day. States she has bruise at injection sight."
"Tremor, weakness of extremities."
Softball sized rash and lump on patient's arm below the injection site that spread to her forearm. She states that it is painful and she is starting to get dizzy. I recommended Benadryl but patient said she had been taking it already and it was not helping.
"Nausea, dizziness, diarrhea, headache--got worse as day went on. Took Excedrin and Tums and went home and slept for 3 hours at about 12:30 pm. Felt better once I woke up."
"Begin feeling feverish, didn't sleep due to fever all night. 9/14/2015 at 1:00 PM fever and chills, checked temp and it was 104 degrees. Went to urgent care and it was 104 there as well. Fever broke 9/15/2015 AM."
"On 9/17/15, The Patient stated on 9/15/15 at 12:30am she experienced chest pain and severe coughing all night, then after those effects subsided she had a fever and chills all day on 9/15/15, then fatigue and slept all day 9/15/15 and 9/16/15. She called her doctor and had a checkup on 9/17/15 in which the physician prescribed an antibiotic if symptoms worsened."
"Received flu shot 9/2/15. I expected normal pain at injection site, however, my shoulder is in excruciating pain when I lift it above my head reach back in back pocket.  I believe the pharmacist administered the injection too high in Deltoid."
"Fever, chills, localized injection site redness, swelling and iunduration, arthralgias and myalgia."
"High fever, body aches, severe."
"Redness, swelling at injection site fatigue, nausea, weak to the point of not being able to get up."
"Patient called our pharmacy this morning 9/18, stating that she had received a flu vaccine on 9/16, and that today she noticed the area of the vaccine was red and slightly swollen. Patient did not state any other symptoms, did not have fever or feel otherwise ill, did not have any numbness or tingling in her vaccinated arm. I advised the patient to continue to monitor and if symptoms persisted or got worse to seek medical assistance."
AT 4:30 PM PATIENT DEVELOPED A FEVER AND DIFFUSE REDNESS IN THE LEFT ARM.
Patient was given three vaccinations at the same time. Adacel and flu administered on one arm and pneu 23 on the other arm. Patient reported chills and pain. Once admitted elevated WBCs. Patient is out the hospital and doing much better.
"Patient showed redness, swelling, inability to move arm, fever, vomiting."
Erythema and itchiness.
"Red, swollen, warm to touch at injection site."
"Patient reported left arm was warmer & hda a """"knot"""" & sore."""""
Dx: Allergic derm reaction
Pt experienced numbness from wlbow to wrist around noon time. By 2.30pm he was fine.
"24 hours after vaccine administration, severe nausea, dizzyness, and headache began that lasted 24 hours. (slept for 24 hours) continuing redness, pain, and warmth at vaccination site."
Upper arm pain and swelling.
"Nausea, vomiting, HA, redness and swelling at injection site. Treated with TORADOL, ZOFRAN."
"Received FLUZONE High Dose 0.5 ml IM close to noon on 9/11/15. Waited in pharmacy about 15 mins to see patient. No problems. She went home ate lunch, then suddenly felt feverish, headache, stomach ache and nausea. She hell as propped up at 45 degree angle and woke up choking due to plegery, fasting food. Lot of irritation (in throat) and coughing thru Sunday. Feeling better now. Patient called (Dr-Not sure if directly related to Flu shot)."
The patient developed rash on neck/back and breast and face. It started 10 min after rash. It worsened over 3 days.
"5 hours after receiving vaccine throat felt full sl. diff. to swallow-took BENADRYL. Symptoms did not worsen. 2 days later has red warm area at injection site, throat unchanged. No other symptoms."
30 min after injection felt tightness in throat-tongue swelling-neck swelling.
Severe pain in left arm to the point she could not move her arm more than a couple inches. The site of injection is red with swollen from about inched from the shoulder to about 8 inches below the injection site and very bright red and warm. the area is itchy. Temperature of 102.2.
Patient stated she started to feel very weak.
Patient received Flu and Pneumovax vaccination At 11:45 AM. Patient went home. 2 hours later patient went out shopping got dizzy and fainted.
Patient developed small shingles rash on her back. Went to her physician and we dispensed a prescription for Valtrex to treat.
2.5-3 inch rectangle Black and blue circle with redness showing up next morning under and behind the bruised area. It was swollen and sore to touch.
Patient had a rash around injection site and swelling.
"Throat swelling, hoarseness, itching and headache, lasted about one hour, patient took Benadryl, symptoms improved."
ARM WAS SUPER SORE AND RECORDED A TEMPERATURE OF 102 DEGREES OVER A PERIOD OF 4 DAYS NO TREATMENT.
"0.25 inch blister formed with fluid at the injection site. No fever, no itching, no redness at injection site."
"Arm of injection was swollen, warm to the touch, and had red patches."
3 hours after flu shot-101 degree fever with headache chills and arm pain. Still miserable 24 hrs later.
"Pt woke up day after vaccination with rash and itching. Pt's left arm was swollen where if she touched her arm, there would be an slight indent. Patient took 2 tablets of Benadryl 25 mg. Upon examination on 9/17/15 her arm was not swollen, and it was not red."
"Patient complained of swelling, redness and pain to injection site on left arm."
"Pt reports that am of 9/18/15 she noticed a red, puffy, warm spot twice as large as a silver dollar BELOW Injection site, and believes is due to receipt of flu shot on 9/16/15."
Administered IM Typhoid vaccine by SQ route. No adverse reaction from patient although she did say it stung.
The patient reported that his arm became red and warm and it continued to spread throughout the day.
Patient complained of pain in her arm from the shoulder at the site of injection to the elbow. The pain gets continuously worse and the patient cannot move her arm. Patient is no longer in the state and is advised to seek medical attention. Tried to reach patient as of 9/18/15 with no response to phone calls.
Upper arm bruised extending from shoulder to elbow.
"Patient became nauseous, dizzy, weak, clammy. Cold compresses and had patient lay down and we elevated her feet. Monitored blood pressure and after 15 minutes she was fine."
BLEEDING AND NODULE FORMATION UNDER INJECTION SITE.
"Weak, Chill, Rash."
"Hives, itching throughout body, mainly back, head, palms of hands. Taking Benadryl."
Swelling at injection site about the size of a quarter.  No itching or discomfort.  Patient sat and relaxed and swelling decreased slightly.  Patient took his BP at the pharmacy and it was 135/84 (he is not sure what his normal BP is).  Patient felt fine when he left the pharmacy after 15min or so but was instructed to watch for signs/symptoms and to call MD if necessary and to call us with any questions.
"Aches all over my body; headache, extremely tired, very hot (but did not take temp)."
Diarrhea and Shortness of Breath Monday night (night of administration) and all Tuesday (day after administration).
"Patient reports experiencing papules on various areas of skin in the days after receiving vaccine, papules not near or at injection site.  Papules resolved after a few days with no residual scars or redness."
"Patient reports via spouse that she experienced papules on various area of skin in days following vaccination, not near or at site of vaccine injection however.  Papules resolved."
"Very sore arm (painful to move), Nausea, diarrhea, headache."
"Patient woke up the following day with for lip slightly swollen and tingling all over her face.  The symptoms did not go away, she called us on 09/19/2015 at 10am for advice.  Patient had problems with Benadryl in the past so she decided to have a doctor visit.  MD prescribed Medrol 4mg dosepak."
"Very sore arm (painful to move arm), nausea, headache."
"Hot, red, swollen arm at injection site. Pt came into pharmacy on 9/19/2015 @3p with un relieved symptoms even after taking hydrocodone, otc pain relievers and applying an ice pack."
Rash below injection sites on upper arm.
Arm swollen and painful.
Pt complained of sparklings in her eyes then later complained of little tightness in her throat and feeling fire at the injection site.
"Redness, pain, fever, nausea, muscle aches, pain, cramping, rash, severe migraine, redness and swelling at vaccine site and redness and severe pain on chest on same side of vaccine, cannot move arm without servere pain. Migraine scale over 10, vaccine and chest pain 5 if not moving. This lasted from Wednesday evening and Saturday (today)first day no fever and actually out of bed. Called DR on Friday told if still running fever Saturday go to Urgent care, broke fever 1:30 this am. Missed 2 entire days of work and am still in pain, still have redness, swelling, rash and pain. Migraine comes and goes."
"Fever, headache, body aches, chills."
"Itchy hands, swollen fingers, hives first day increasing. Itchy hands and feet, larger hives second day. Swollen eyes, larger hives and itchy hands and feet third day. First day 20 mg of prednisone was given along with Benadryl taken every 6 hours. Third day went back to stat health and they increased the dose of prednisone to 60mg and continue taking Benadryl. Instructed to go to hospital if breathing problems arise."
Patient had immediate redness at site of injection.  Within 5 Minutes redness spread to chest area.  Patient was given 50mg of Benadryl.  Patient did not experience any trouble breathing.  Benadryl helped the red rash with 15 minutes of administration.
"LEFT SIDE CHEST PAIN, SHORTNESS OF BREATH. SELF-RESOLVED WITH NO EMERGENCY ROOM VISIT SUNDAY MORNING 9/20/2015 AM."
Redness and swelling at injection site.
"9/17 Extreme fatigue, chills pain on first day. 9/18:  redness and sweilling in patches covering approx 5 cm long area. 9/19 Redness & swelling grew to 8 cm x 7cm. 9/20 Redness spread to 11 cm long, but no swelling. The red area is not at the direct site of the injection, it's towards the inside of the arm. I have a picture of the area taken 9/19."
"Red, swollen, painful, down to 2 days, (same arm that pt was recently treated for cancer in his elbow), took APAP, symptoms reduced, currently gone."
EYE PROBLEMS SHOOTING LIGHTS MORE INTENSE IN A DARKER ROOM.
"Per pt, 9/17 arm swelling with pain, vomiting. Pt did not inform pharmacy until 9/20 at 3pm. Stated she takes Benadryl for sleep, but that had not helped with swelling. Stated she will see doctor 9/21."
"A couple hours after administration, patient claims the injection site and surrounding area became red and itchy. Area covered about a two inch diameter around injection site."
"Sore throat, fever, naseau, aching, headache."
Patient initially had some feelings of coldness and tingling that went away. The symptoms returned on 9/20/15 and intensified to the point of pains shooting up the forearm.
"Slightly swollen arm, itchy, moved to soft spots in both legs the next 2 days. Slightly swollen arm, swelling and itchiness moved down arm; next 2 days moved to soft spots in legs and buttocks; 4th day woke up with swollen eyes and cheeks. By evening swelling and itchiness moved to chin. Woke up at 2:30 AM with hugely swollen chin/throat and tongue. Couldn''t swallow or talk. Went to the ER."
"Couldn't move. Almost felt paralyzed. Muscle aches were so severe, I could hardly move. Spent the entire day in bed. No fever."
"Patient received High Dose influenza vaccine (FLUZONE HD) on 9/16/15; called 9/18/15 to report development of large hard lump the size of her palm at injection site, rash on underside of arm, and warmth with swelling thru-out upper arm. She does not report pain."
"Had shot on Friday afternoon felt sore Friday night. Very sore over the weekend, and still today two weeks later."
"Right thigh edema, redness and heat. Patient states it is painful to bear weight on his right leg also. Dr evaluated with ultrasound-revealed no hematoma or clots. Performed labs. Offered supportive care."
"Pt reported hx of swelling, rash, light temperature and stomach upset. Pt went to ER and dr prescribed BACTRIM DS. Pt got both vaccines on the same arm at same site."
Patient jerked her arm and said ouch when the vaccine was injected (after the needle was in). Needle popped out of her arm and vaccine spewed. Questionable dose was actually administered.
Pt presented to doctor's office after complaining to pharmacy about tender/red skin near site of injection that traveled down her arm. Redness start away from site of injection further down her arm.
"Left deltoid is swollen, red and sl tender to touch, warm to touch, started on Sat am, got on Thursdat given by MA."
"Admin 9-18, pt returned to rx with localized redness, pain, swelling, previous fever and chills and vomiting. Advised ibuprofen and monitoring."
Swelling and redness at site of injection (left). Fever 101 degrees F. Lack of energy/fatigue. Pt. reported that will see MD 9/20/15. Pt reported feeling better 9/20/15 than Thursday 9/17/15.
"Post vaccination approx 5 min, client became weak and change of color (pale) . Lgs checked, ice pack applied to nape of neck. Once chest began to return to nroaml and color, juice given. Client recovered and left with family."
Upper arm tenderness radiating to neck and shoulder-difficulty lifting arm past elbow level for 4 days-hurts to lay on that side with pain when lifting.
Flu vaccine administered to (R) deltoid 9/18/15 and (R) submandibular ln swelling-pain noted 9/19/15.
"Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a 66 year old female patient. The patient's medical history included gastritis and oesophagitis. The patient did not have drug reactions/allergies. On 08-SEP-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 (lot # K012424, expiration date 05-JUN-2016, dose and route were unknown). Concomitant therapies included budesonide and an unspecified flu shot on 08-SEP-2015. On 09-SEP-2015, the patient developed redness, swelling and discomfort at the injection site of the PNEUMOVAX 23. The patient visited an unspecified physician on the same day and was diagnosed with cellulitis around the injection site of the PNEUMOVAX 23. None lab diagnostics studies were performed. The patient was prescribed an unspecified antibiotic and an unspecified medication for pain. The outcome of the event was reported as not recovered/not resolved. Causality was not provided. Additional information has been requested."
"Pt reported initial iching at site of injection that spread to other arm & then broke out in hives on arms, chest & back. Also reports tingling of face & tongue. Pt took 50mg BENADRYL and saw medical provider, given Epinephrine and SOLU-MEDROL in route to hospital. Vaccine given approximately 12:40. Received call from hospital about 2pm."
"Redness across arm, about 2in x 3in slight pain at area of injection swelling for 2 days now. Patient was told by pharmacist to apply cold compress and hydrocortisone. She said it seem better now."
9/20/15..7:00PM-MUSCLE ACHES. 9/20/15..8:00PM-CHILLS. 7/21/15..7:30AM-LIGHTHEADNESS. 9/21/15..7:30AM-FEVER.
Severe pain in shoulder area with difficulty to move and very stiff upon trying to move. Still present on 09/21/2015 at 10:00 AM and no treatment performed.
"Within four hours after vaccinated developed redness, erythema, induration, swelling, pain extending 5-6 inches around and below injection site. Very Painful injection site and surrounding area.  Unable to sleep. Headache, myalgia, fatigue, abnormal weakness and lack of engery. Asthenia."
"Red, hot swollen area over injection site left arm."
"This spontaneous report was received from a consumer and refers to his father, a male patient of unknown age. There was no information about patient's medical history, drug reactions or allergies provided. On 15-AUG-2015, the patient was vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX (lot #, expiration date, dose, site and route of administration were not reported); PNEUMOVAX23 (lot #, expiration date, dose, site and route of administration were not reported) and influenza virus vaccine (unspecified). In August 2015, the patient experienced a fever of 102 degrees within 24 hours of receiving vaccinations. The patient took MOTRIN and rested as home treatment. The patient recovered from the event (date unspecified). The relatedness between the event and ZOSTAVAX, PNEUMOVAX23, influenza virus vaccine (unspecified) was not reported. This is one of several reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested."
"Pt received Tdap, PREVNAR and Flu (high potency) f/u 9/4/15. Developed fvr, residual cough."
"Redness, swelling, little pain (not debilitating but aware of it) on 9/13/15 in the morning."
Patient received flu and pneumonia vaccine. Developed cellulitis at both sites of injection. Treated at hospital with antibiotics and steroids.
15 minutes after admin. of vaccine she began to have tingling/itchiness in the face and scalp followd by hands. 24 hours later scalp still itchy and red and has only been controlled by BENADRYL. Told to see doctor if persists.
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 29 April 2015. A 19-year-old female patient, whose medical history was food allergies and concomitant medications was not reported, had received a second dose of IMOVAX (batch number, expiry date, dose and site of administration were not reported) on an unspecified date (09:00 hours). Patient's mother reported that at around 09:00 hours and at 19:00 hours at night patient developed mild facial swelling and started feeling like she was having difficulty in swallowing. Patient took BENADRYL and EPIPEN and then went to emergency room and received no further treatment at emergency room. It was reported that, vaccinations within four weeks of vaccinations were not provided and patient had one previous dose of IMOVAX. Patient had no illness at the time of vaccination. It was also reported that, pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions were severe food allergies. Laboratory investigations were reported as none. At the time of this report, patient had recovered. Documents held by sender: none. Follow-up information received from a physician on 08 June 2015. A 19-year-old female patient had received a 1 ml of IMOVAX (batch number: KI079-1, expiry date: 14 February 2016) via intramuscular route in left deltoid on 16 April 2015 at 09:00 hours. Also, the patient had received ADACEL (batch number: C4765AA), TYPHIM VI (batch number: K1200-1), FLUZONE (batch number: UI197AB), IXIARO (manufacturer: Novartis, batch number: IEV14B59E) [expiry date, dose, dose in series and route of administration were not reported for all] all in left deltoid on 16 April 2015 and Influenza vaccine (batch number, expiry date, dose, dose in series, route and site of administration were not reported) on 16 April 2015. The vaccine was purchased with private funds and was vaccinated at private doctor's office/hospital. Reporter causality was not reported. Documents held by sender: none."
"Pronounced heat, swelling and redness at site.  Symptoms continue for more that 72 hours past injection."
"This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist refers to a 54 year old female patient. Patient's concurrent condition and medical history were not reported. On 15-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of ZOSTAVAX vial , lot # K010630, expiration date on 30-OCT-2015 (dose, route of administration, anatomical location were not reported). When the patient received the dose of ZOSTAVAX, she also received FLUARIX (manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline) (strength, dose, anatomical location, route of administration, lot # an expiration date were not reported) at a different anatomic site. There was not concomitant medication reported. On 17-SEP-2015, the patient experienced an """"apple-sized itchy rash"""" at the injection site. She had not sought any medical attention at this time. A product quality complain was not involved. At the time of the report, the outcome of """"apple-sized itchy rash"""" was reported as not recovered. The relatedness of the adverse event and suspect therapy was not provided . Additional information has been requested."""""
"ARM PAIN, REDNESS AND SWELLING AROUND INJECTION SITE, THEN BLISTERS. BLISTERS STARTED TO GO AWAY THE NEXT MORNING. NOW (4 DAYS POST-INJECTION) REDNESS AND PAIN CONTINUES TO A LESSER EXTENT AND LINE WHERE BLISTERS WERE IS STILL VISIBLE. RASH APPEARS TO BE RESOLVING ON ITS OWN."
"Rash, redness, and itching around the injection site. Rash and redness is spreading around the arm."
"70 yo F was given Prevnar (pneumococcal 13) vaccine in right upper deltoid (lot #I82219) and high dose influenza vaccine (UI430AA) in her left upper deltoid on 09/10/2015.  On 09/20/2015, pt noticed redness in the right upper arm with mild warmth to the skin in this area.  The reaction is circumferential and mildly indurated.  The area is not particularly painful to palpation.  MD assessed this as mild self limited reaction to the Prevnar injection.  Pt to be treated with ice and antihistamines."
"Injection site is very red and inflamed. Patient did not notice this until today. No pain or itching, just redness."
"Patient reported swelling between shoulder and neck describing it as """"a big ball"""". Patient agreed to seek medical attention. Pharmacy reached out to standing order physician for this region but doctor was not located at any of the numbers on the doctor's profile on the store's computer system. Patient has no primary physician and the clinic he claims he utilizes has no record of him."""""
"Pt broke out in large whelps on back of legs, arms, back, buttocks as well as injection site---pt took Benadryl but did not help. Went to ER on 9/19/15 pt received prednisone and vistaril which helped."
"Pt got hives all over body, redness, swelling at injection site."
Patient stated that they got swollen eyes and face and itched.  She said that this happened on 09/17 or 09/18 and just took Benadryl.  She said she thought it was from the flu vaccine she got on 09/11/2015.
Patient stated that she had the vaccine on 9/2/2015 and went to the hospital on 9/7/2015 due to pain and severe swelling at site of Prevnar 13 injection site.  She is still having pain at injection site as of 9/21/2015.
"After receiving the shot, the patient experienced a lot of pain on the arm where the shot was injected. He came to the pharmacy to tell us about it and we told him to apply ice and get some acetaminophen. He came back again to say that the pain did not go away so he was told to add some ibuprofen to his regimen. He said that the pain relievers helped but the pain is still lingering."
Mild pain at injection site (left arm) shooting up to neck area and tiny red dots (5) around injection area. Ibuprofen for used for pain.
"Patient says that on the day after she received the vaccines, her right arm became swollen and hurt, and she went to the emergency room. She was given Benadryl there and then discharged."
On Saturday 9/19/2015 our daughter became really tired and slept 14 hours (which has never happened).  Then later on Sunday 9/20/2015 she was sleepy all day and around 3:30pm she woke up from her nap and started getting hives that started the size of mosquito bites and then morphed into the size of an egg. They were red and warm to the touch from her knees up to her rear.  We gave her Benadryl at 4:30 pm and the hives/rash went away.  By 7:30pm it was completely gone.  We took her to daycare and after she woke up from daycare at 1:30pm the teachers noticed the hives back again on her legs and arms.  I went to pick her up and by 2:45pm they were starting to go away without any medicine.  I went to the walk in clinic because her pediatrician could not see her and the rash/hives were all gone.  The nurse said she obviously couldn't really tell without seeing it in person (I had a picture) but to give her Benadryl again if it came but to then request allergy testing if they came again as its obviously something she is allergic too.  Neither the nurse or the pediatrician nurse thought it was related to the flu vaccine but I think it is as I saw that the reactions can be 7-10 days later.  There is just nothing else we can contribute the two episodes too where there is anything in common... Especially since she was so tired.  We think the effects just hit her later.  It would be nice to know if Benadryl is enough.
"Started with headache, by 10PM went to bed with severe headache and all over achie, 2 degree temp started around 12 PM. Laid in bed all day 17th, started feeling better but still ached and weak on the 18th each day a little better today 09/21/2015 just fell a little weak."
"Pt developed severe cough, coughing up some blood at 3 days post vaccination.  Pt followed up with physician at 8 days post vaccination and was diagnosed with pneumonia."
"Itching and redness, hives."
"Started itching, redness and large bump formed. Saw school nurse given BENAADRYL 50 mg. (Still hurts 9/16/15)."
"(R) arm immediate pain, nausea-fever during night to 101 degrees. Redness soreness, vomiting, 4""""x4"""" area. Had 2 bad days ill. Rx KEFLEX."""""
"Pt. had delayed reaction to H.D. Flu shot (FLUZONE HD) 10 days after spot. Looked """"spotted"""", more like band-aid rash. Flu shot area had redness (1/4"""" circle) from edge to edge. Gave ice pk, generic CLARITIN and hydrocortisone crm 1%."""""
Patient had cold chills and sweats evening of vaccine 9/18/15. Next day noticed swelling in right arm which continued to get worse and go down patients arm.
"PREVNAR 13 1st dose on 8-28-15 lt deltoid Flu shot 0n 8-28-15 rt deltoid pain lt deltoid persisted till 5th day (9-1-15) and became swollen rt upper arm with redness, induration and tender, warm , spread to axilla, and down forearm and back to scapula. Requiring medical treatment with prednisone x 5 dy and antibiotic x 3 day resolved 3rd week 9/21."
Possible cellulitis; Md prescribed cephalexin; Pt noticed  red circle getting bigger.
"She developed rash on site of injection, and it itched alot."
"Extreme muscle weakness in arm, high level of pain radiating down the arm."
"Raised, red area."
2 vaccines on 9-10-15 PREVNAR and FLUZONE. Pt returns 7 days later. Arm is hot and swollen. Rph on duty explained possible cellulitis. Pt was referred to urgent care. Doc on duty reports an infection but did not use the word cellulitis according to pt. Pt prescribed clindamycin 150mg.
"Arm continues to be painful, achy and sore now, 8 days after vaccination. It wakes my mom up several times a night. Ibuprofen is not helping."
"Sore, red, itchy eyes.  Hoarse throat.  Headache.  Body aches."
"Experienced SOB, fatigue, achiness approx. 4 hrs after flu shot. Client states she also ate a cookie with macadamia nuts that evening and has reacted to macadamia nuts in the past. Client took Tylenol and loratadine prior to bed on 9-17-2015. Client states she woke up with a swollen tongue early AM on 9-18-2015. Took Tylenol and swelling subsided. Client states she felt better on 9-18-2015. Client will contact her allergist to see if she needs to be evaluated. Telephone call to client on 9-21-2015. Client states she spoke with Dr. who said reaction was probably due nuts and not the flu vaccine. Client states she has received flu vaccinations in the past without any problems. Client has a follow-up appt. with Dr. on 10-12-2015 to be tested for nut allergy."
Received flu vaccine at 06:45 on 09/21/15 1 hr later hive noted on left side of face. No other symptoms. BENADRYL 25mg po given with effect. Examined in ED cortisone given returned to work.
"Pt contacted and seen by Immunization Healthcare clinic approximately 1-1.25 hours after receiving flu shot FLUARIX. She reported receiving the shot then going back to her office and within 5 minutes her face, neck and upper chest began to itch and was flushed and had small hives (chest-neck). She also stated the bottoms of both feet were itchy with hives also. Pt denied any SOB, pruritis, angioedema or tachycardia. She returned to immunization clinic where VS where wnl BP 120/88; P - 68 R-18-20; SO2 99.99% on room air; Pain-0. She was monitored for 15-20 minutes talking with staff with resolution of neck/chest hives and easing of erythema. She returned to clinic and called his office. Skin: Facial redness red to pink reported normal shading for rosacea. Chest red and later pale pink with scattered red pinpoint macules noted by tan line but no hives. She advised they had resolved. Skin normal to arms, neck, legs, feet. Reactions reported began approximately 5-30 minutes after vaccination localized to skin redness and reported hives. She reports a history of hive reactions following stress which does occur prn and once with anaphylactic reaction to allergy shots. She denied any other systemic reactions such as SOB, throat tightness, wheezing, etc."
Swelling at injection site.
"Cough, congestion, restricted throat."
"Large red rash at injection site. Doctor prescribed antibiotic thinking its an infection could be allergy as well, unclear."
"Received flu vaccine on 8/22/15. 2 weeks later, I got the flu, last year. Last year, I got the flu vaccine around the same time, and got the flu in Dec, 14. so that's twice now. I received flu vaccines for the past several years because my child has asthma, so I get one with him. I never got the flu for the past 5 years. Now I move here and got the flu both time. There's something wrong here. I think I got a placebo."
"Flu symptoms-chills, """"freezing to death"""" Face/swollen around the whole head-Took BENADRYL Monday and eye swollen 6 hrs Tues am-called MD for MEDROL Dose pak."""""
Flu shot administered 9-11-15 patient developed bruise in deltoid area and arm. Patient on warfarin.
"9-11-15 at 7:24 pm reports red, warm swollen arm where flu shot was given-Rec cool compress and Ibuprofen-telephone mess 9-13-15 8:21 am see in E.R. for (L) arm swelling Dx cellulitis-given BENADRYL and KEFLEX."
"Urticaria, angio edema."
"Itching all over body, Sweats, and weakness."
Increased soreness in the arm that had the injection. Left side. It was found that the patient had the same vaccine less than 1 year ago. 1/27/2015 and now 9/18/2015. Administering providers mistake.
"Sharp Pain, Tingles (like needles), Redness."
"Patient received PREVNAR 13 injection in right arm on Monday September 14 2015 at 11:25am. He noticed this morning (Wednesday September 16 2015) that he had a rash approx. 2x3 inches on his right arm and it was warm to the touch. Patient presented to pharmacy at approx. 12:45 pm to report reaction. Recommended that patient apply cool compress, use BENADRYL cream or hydrocortisone cream if itching is present. He mentioned he had a second generation antihistamine at home so I recommended that he take one antihistamine daily. Recommended that patient monitor reaction and verify that it resolves within 1-2 days. Told him to call me if reaction worsens or does not go away."
"Swelling; itching and pain at the sight, extends to underarm; (Pt reporting an arm where Zoster was administered)."
Pt. received flu and ZOSTAVAX on 9-16-15 flu (L) arm ZOSTAVAX - (R) arm. 9-18-15 pt. stated reaction started night she received the vaccine. 9-16-15 she came in for apt - c/o red rash to (R) arm see by dr.
"Visual disturbance: kaleidescope vision outside area of focus, strobe effect in peripheral vision."
"Sneezing, coughing, wheezing, swelling of face, tongue, gums and lips. Took Advil at 3:45 P.M. and one Claritin at 8:45 PM.  Took second Claritin after ER visit."
"At injection site, my arm became numb. The numbness spread to the whole right side of my body withing an hour, including my neck, ear, and cheek, as well as my side, breast, leg and foot. During the remainder of the day, the numbness would come in waves, followed by sharp pains on the right side of my body. The numbness would spread further during each wave and eventually made my tongue and throat numb."
"Redness and swelling from elbo to shoulder, felt tired and run down for 3 days."
"Injection site was red, warm, swollen, tender to touch.  Patient went to urgent care on 9/19/2015 who instructed her to take Benadryl.  Spoke with patient today and symptoms are improving."
"At site of injection, red, hot, hard, swollen. Patient went to MD. MD treated with CLARITIN. MD told patient to monitor, and call MD if redness spreads or feels fever/chills/nausea."
"Patient complained for Redness, swelling, warm to touch and sore arm."
"Patient stated that her right arm at site of injection turned red, was warm to touch, and the area was itching and swollen.  Had put cold compresses on thea area, which helped aleviate the itching."
BRONCHITIS.
Patient's arm swelled up and patient experienced trouble breathing.
10 cm rash with itching and warm to the touch.
"IMMEDIATELY AFTER IMZ SHE FELT NAUSEOUS BUT IT RESOLVED.  AT 7 PM SHE FELT NAUSEOUS AND BEGAN VOMITING AS WELL AS DIARRHEA.  SHE FELT VERY COLD AND UNABLE TO WARM UP.  SHE HAD DIFFICULTY SWALLOWING AND FELT AS IF HER """"ADAMS APPLE WAS CLOSED"""".  PATIENT NOTIFIED THE PHARMACY THE NEXT DAY AT 9AM. THE NAUSEA/VOMITING/DIARRHEA/DIFFICULTY SWALLOWING HAD ALL RESOLVED.  SHE WAS STILL FEELING CHILLED AND A LITTLE WEAK BUT MUCH BETTER THAN THE DAY OF THE IMMUNIZATION. SHE DID NOT GO TO THE HOSPITAL."""""
"Pt reported arm pain at injection site starting ~ 1 hour after receipt, also general fatigue.  Pt had dental appointment day after vaccine administration and reported needing more novocaine than typical."
Severe swelling after nurse injected flu shot through my tattoo. I asked of that was okay to do and she said yes. It's very hot and sore and very swollen at site and in a pretty wide area around. It's sore in my shoulder and down to elbow making it hard to drive today. Saw nurse at work and was instructed to ice the area and take Tylenol for the pain.
"Fever, chills, nausea. Red swollen warm area on arm where shot was given."
"Pt came back saying she felt lightheaded and faint and hot. I inspected the injection site, there was no visible reaction. I gave her some water, she requested a coke, she requested to lie down on the bench; after about 30 minutes her husband came and picked her up."
R ankle swelling/pain 4 hours after injection of both Zostavax and flu vaccine given at a local store. pt has had flu shots in past without problems.
"Cough, sore throat, achey, no energy, headache."
Arm where vaccine was injected swelled to about the size of a golf ball starting at 0400AM and continued to worsen throught the day. Sore muscles and body aches occured throughout the body. Pain in the arm where vaccine was injected began to worsen throughout the day. Lymph node in the shoulder blade swelled on the side the vaccine was injected. All symptoms began to improve at around 11:00PM. By 9/6/2015 aches were minimal and pain improved. By 9/8/2015 swelling went down to normal. By 9/11/2015 lymph node returned back to normal.
"Swelling and redness at injection sight the size off the vaccine fluid injection. Over the next 12 hours swelling continued to increase at injection site (IS) to the size of 2inches also starting to get low grade heat radiating at (IS). Slight muscle aches all over body. Over the next 12 hours muscle pain increases especially in whole back. (IS) starting to be painful to the touch and difficult to use arm without moderate pain. Over the next 12 hours swelling at (IS) increased to 3inches heat radiating and extreme pain with limited to no movement. Body pain increased to extreme muscle and joint pain all over whole body. Extreme fatigue, nausea, headache and slight blurred vision. These symptoms continued for 12 hours. Over the next 12 hours swelling at (IS) increased in size to 4inches in diameter with heat radiating and limited movement ability."
Pain in arm where vaccine was given.
Raised rash and swelling at injection site.
"Severe headache, vertigo upon rising or moving my head in any manner."
"Largely swollen right arm at injection site; fever at injection site, chest pains, closing of the throat."
103 Fever on and off for 24 hours.  Severe aches.
Patient stated she felt weird and had tingling on her upper lip and neck area. Her blood pressure and pulse were elevated. Patient also had red blotches on her chest when EMS arrived.
Excessive redness and swelling at injection site.
"Swelling of face, hands, eyes, redness, rash on hands (B), (B) arms, chest area, light rash and burning on thighs and legs, BENADRYL, hydrocortisone cream, CLARITIN."
"Localized redness, swelling, warm to touch, mild itching of left deltoid."
Small rash on elbow.
"Pt developed chills, shaking. Brought to ER by daughter."
Patient requested trivalent flu vaccine. We gave him this. He later came back and said he had already received vaccine this season.
"Upper arm became red, swollen, painful approximately 12 hours after admin. of flu vaccine. Improved with BENADRYL PO. Also given PNEUMOVXA in the same arm."
"PATIENT SAID INJECTION SITE STARTED TO GET RED, RAISED AND HOT THE EVENING AFTER INJECTION. IT CONTINUED TO GROW IN SIZE FOR 7 DAYS. AFTER 7 DAYS, IT WAS ABOUT 4 INCHES BY 6 INCHES IN SIZE AND WENT TO THE UNDERSIDE OF HER ARM. AFTER A WEEK, THE AREA WENT AWAY BUT HER ARM WAS """"BLUE-LOOKING"""" AFTER THE SWELLING AND REDNESS WENT DOWN."""""
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable consumer calling on behalf of her husband via a non-clinical study program, Pfizer. A 65-year-old male patient received first dose of PREVNAR 13, 0.5 ml single and influenza vaccine at 1 DF single, both for immunization, intramuscular, in the left upper arm, on 29Jan2015. Medical history included pain, nerves pains, depression, anxiety. Concomitant medications included oral tramadol 50 mg tablet, two tablets every three hours, for pain, trazodone 100 mg once a day at night time, for nerves pains to relax at night and for depression, methadone 5 mg tablet twice a day for pain, omeprazole 20 mg once a day for stomach, clonazepam 1 mg tablet, two tablets a day, for anxiety, oral hydrocodone 5 mg tablet, one to two tablets twice a day, vitamin C supplement, vitamin D, vitamins (Rainbow Light) once a day, vitamin D and oral gemfibrozil 600 mg tablet twice a day for cholesterol. On 30Jan2015 the patient experienced left upper arm red, hot, and swollen and it hurt him really bad for 2 days. She had put a line around the red swollen area to see if it was going to spread. The reporting consumer was also concerned about the flu shot administered along with PREVNAR 13 and was wondering if it is safe to take it again. The patient was getting better at time of report. Follow up (02Feb2015): New information from the same contactable consumer includes: reporter inquiry and events outcome."
"09/16/15-mild, redness at site of vaccination. 09/17/15-thigh and knee got swollen and red to twice the size and this lasted x 48 hours-no fever, mild limping."
Rash on left leg itching. No fever or joint swelling. (+) blanching/pruritic erythematous papular rash to LLE with some excoriation from scratching.
Afib-Dr said could be from flu shot and also stress etc. in her life. Episode happened in middle of night 4 day after vaccines.
Patient called two days after vaccine admin and stated she had a rash near injection site and soreness at injection site.
"Swollen, redness, hot-3 inches x 2 inch circle. Received vaccine Monday 9/21/ 2100-> 9/22/ 0000-noticed it was red tender, swollen about 2 inch x 2 inch. 9/23 0000 - redness spreading very achey and painful."
"2"""" x 3"""" warm, red, raised and hard-like welt, bruised in center area, sore itchy. Iced area to relieve the soreness."""""
"After the flu shot in (L) deltoid, felt pain in (L) forearm, and hard sharp, shooting in nature, denies any weakness or numbness. No rash or allergic reaction, denies CP/SOB/dizzy."
"Pain at site of injection, left upper arm.  Pain persisting after 17 days."
Patient fainted in chair in waiting room. Hot and nauseous.
"Watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, achy body, chest pain, wheezing, headache."
Extreme pain in arm and shoulder.  Pain worsened as evening and night progressed.  Pain woke me during the night.
Local swelling and redness gradually becoming larger.
Patient experienced severe chills and elevated fever lasting several hours (~3).  Chills caused uncontrollable shaking.  Patient decided to take a dose of aspirin the next morning to help with symptoms at which time his fever had already dropped.
Gave vaccine and getting ready to put bandaid on the site grew to a swollen area size of grape. Patient had flu shot before and I confirmed with the his primary doctor. Had patient place ice pack on the area 2 times. By 35- 45 minutes the swelling had gone down some. Told him to take Tylenol for pain. Ask additional help if needed. He was able to walk out of pharmacy area with no problem.
"Palm sized swelling. Hot, raised, tender, bruised, etc."
Severe allergic symptoms such as running nose and Sweating.
"Tred, achy, vomiting, no fever, unable to walk, bed ridden. Took Tylenol. Told to go to urgent care. Much better the next day."
Patient woke up before going to work and noticed a red rash at site of injection.
HER ARM IS SWOLLEN AND SHE SAYS SHE HAS SHOOTING PAIN DOWN BY HER BREASTS.
Patient called and said she just had vomiting and diarrhea and chills.
"Rec'd HD flu shot and PCV23 Monday afternoon both in left arm. Noticed redness, swelling, pain left arm Monday night. Worse on Tuesday. Denies fever."
"Patient reported severe swelling around the injection site extending up to her shoulder and down to the elbow, as well as profuse rash and itching."
5 mins after the Flu Shot patient complained that her tongue felt thick which made her uncomfortable.
"Within a few minutes of vaccination, patient reported dizziness.  Patient was moved from sitting to the floor.  A few minutes later, patient lost consciousness for a minute and began having seizures.  Patient regained consciousness afterwards.  Paramedics came to help the patient within 10 minutes of the incident.  Patient was alert afterwards, vitals were normal, and patient's mom insisted he not go via ambulance to the Emergency room.  He did not have a repeat episode after the 1st incident."
"Patient came in yesterday to pick up medication and was counsel to recieve the flu vaccination and pneumo. The patient elected to have both the vaccines however soon after recieving the injection later that night, she felt a burning sensation/swelling and put on a ice pack. This morning she noted that the swelling had gone down but there was a large rash that had been developed on the backside/tricep area of her arm. When speaking with the patient, patient stated that she had already been on Allegra once daily thus we suggested to add Benadryl liq for quicker onset and liberally apply Benadryl/Allegra cream/ung in place of physically scratching the area. The rash could not be determine from the long duration of ice therapy nor itching thus I suggested using  the cream in place of scratching and a towel to buffer the area with the ice with 20 on/off intervals to minimize possible skin irritation. Hydrocort was not suggested since the itching had minimized and if the scratching had lead to a small case of infection - it would proliferate the affected area. Furthermore we ask the patient to follow-up with us the following day to let us know if the skin rash continue to advance and seek urgent care for possible steroid therapy. To mark the development for the rash, we had told the patient to mark around the area and time/date it on the skin before seeing the provider to indicate growth of the rash."
Patient has large 4 inch swelling in area of injection on right arm with itching and pain.
"I got the flu shot at the Pharmacy I work at. About an hour or so later I got violent back pain, could barely walk or stand. It got progressively worse."
"Pt had swelling of upper lip, itching of throat and then swelling of throat."
Vomiting diarrhea severe dehydration low grade fever unable to get air in pale severe sudden onset weakness.
"The shot site was extremely sore but not red. Towards evening became extremely exhausted and ached all over!  At approximately 9:15 I got the chills and became light headed. Throughout night I got the sweats!  When woke 9/24/2015 was dizzy, chills, and had diarrhea and had no energy. I had a Low grade fever of 100."
"9/12/15-c/o dizziness. 9/14/15-hard to swallow. 9/15/15-hives (R) and (L) leg, rapid heart rate, trouble swallowing."
"Malaised, lethargic, sweating, chills mild fever, nausea and headache."
Arm was red around sites the size of half dollar. Advised to take BENADRYL and use cold compress.
Felt extremely sick and threw up after taking metformin.
"About 24 hrs after ZOSTAVAX, had soreness and an approximately 5 in. diameter red area around injection site. 48 hours later, soreness has improved. Left arm."
"Lining of mouth irritated; bowel problem, rash genital area."
"Lining of mouth irritated, bowel problem; full body rash; blistering on foot incision."
"Was given Friday Sept 18, still sore, sharp pain up neck to glands under ear-still some pain Tuesday Sept 22-injection site-bruised."
"24 hours after patient received vaccines (2) she got really red, bright red on face, neck, chest, shoulder area. Patient started taking BENADRYL and ZYRTEC for the hives/redness."
"Approximately one hour after receiving flu vaccine, patient returns to clinic c/o, not feeling well"""", nausea, tingling fingertips and lips. At that time denies SOB/difficulty breathing. Soon began experiencing """"itchy throat"""". Assessed by doctor. Released home with Rx for oral BENADRYL."""""
"When he gave the injection, I felt pretty typical.  It did feel a little thicker, like an odd pressure, but not alarming.  I get flu shots every year, so I know how they should feel.  About 20 minutes later, I felt some heat in my injection arm and hand.  Not an all over general warmth, but felt like my vein in my arm and hand were stinging and burning.  Lasted about 5 minutes.  Then the typical sore muscle feeling started the next day.  Again, normal stuff.  Now, it is 13 days later, and in STILL have enough pain in my arm where I can't raise it over my head easily.  I am not able to do what I need to do for regular daily things without pain.  Usually, this pain lasts 3-4 days.  NEVER has taken this long to heal.  What can I do to relieve this pain."
"Fever, chills, nausea."
"Legs felt strange, Laid down because she felt like throwing up. She had joint cramps and Charley horse in her legs. Dizzy which is still continuing through today, Thursday 9/24, spent all day Wed in bed sleeping. Stomach still does not feel well."
"9/16-Patient received flu shot at off-site clinic.9/17-chills then sweating. 9/18-generalized aching until evening, began to feel better. 9/19-very fatigued."
SEVERE DIZZINESS.
"Severe vomiting, diarrhea, & chills."
Localized rxn at injection site followed by systemic urticaria. No respiratory involvement.
"Redness, Inflammation, Fever, Welt at injection site (approximately half-dollar size)."
"Red, Swollen arm, lightheaded, nausea, elevated temperature (100%). Follow-up physician appointment on 09/23/2015.  Physician thought it was an allergic reaction.  I said it looked like cellulitis.  I requested antibiotics, but request was denied. Arm is still red and very swollen--it is now 2 days later.  I will make a follow-up report in a few days."
"Shortly after receiving vaccine she developed numbness/tingling in hands that lasted 3-4 days. One week post vaccine developed pain, redness and swelling at injection site. All discomfort has resolved 2 wks post vaccination."
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable pharmacist. An 86-year-old female patient started to receive PREVNAR 13 (Lot # L43700, NDC number 0005-1971-05, Expiry Date Dec2016), intramuscular at 0.5 ml single in the right arm, on 09Sep2015 11:00 am. The patient medical history was not reported. Concomitant medication included FLUZONE (Lot # UI454AA, Expiry date 21Apr2016) intramuscular at 0.5 ml single in the left arm, on 09Sep2015. On 14Sep2015, the patient experienced an injection site reaction that was warm to the touch at the site, it was inflamed, a big circle of redness on the patient right arm underneath where the shot was administered, as medically significant. The outcome of the events was recovering."
"Shaking, body seizing up, sweating, fever, throwing up all night."
"Sudden and unexplained dizziness when moving.  Can be explained as a sort of """"floaty"""" feeling."""""
Localized redness and itching at injection site.  No other signs or symptoms reported by patient or observed by provider.
"Swelling in armpit, extremely tender. 7/10 constant pain."
"Starting day after administration, she had excruciating pain inside her upper arm and numbness inside her forearm. She went to Doctor and started on Gabapentin 300mg every 6 hours as needed Monday 9/21/15."
"This case was reported by a other health professionals via call center representative and described the occurrence of erythema in a adult patient who received FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (batch number 5C2L4, expiry date 18th June 2016). This case was associated with a product complaint. In September 2015, the patient received FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (intramuscular) .5 ml. On an unknown date, less than a week after receiving FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT, the patient experienced erythema and pharmaceutical product complaint. On an unknown date, the outcome of the erythema and pharmaceutical product complaint were unknown. The reporter considered the erythema to be probably related to FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT. Additional details provided were as follows: This case was reported by a pharmacy buyer. On 15th September 2015 or after (exact date of administration unknown), the patient received FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT on an unknown arm. The patient experienced localized redness around injection site and on arm. This is one of the five cases reported by the same reporter (see cases US2015133740, US2015133746, US2015133760 and US2015433773). The reporter was questioning about a specific lot administered to patients therefore filed related quality product complaint. At the time of reporting, any further details were not known by the reporter."
"Red, swollen arm."
"Raised area, below injection site, about size of small orange area was not warm or discolored."
"Rt arm pain after tetanus shot. Arm and elbow sore. No fever. Slight swelling. Tender lateral deltoid, tricep and brachioradials. No warmth. Hurts at night. No chills."
Pt. reports hives on her face but nowhere else on body or near inj. site. She said occurred a little while after vaccine. Pt. also reports using a new moisturizer.
Redness pain and swelling radiating out from injection site.
"Face went numb then collapsed on kitchen floor but did not lose consciousness.  Slept for biggest part of that day.  Have been experiencing dizziness, eye pain, severe headache, nausea, chills and leg/ muscle weakness ever since.  Consulted physician and pharmacy where I got the shot. They told me to rest and come in if symptoms worsened or did not get better.  Will go in to my physician today.  This was my first reaction to the flu vaccine and my 3rd time receiving it."
"Patient received vaccine 9/23/15, face began swelling and throat got scratchy. Took BENADRYL and went to ER."
"Received PREVNAR 13 and FLUZONE HD on 9/16/15 in the afternoon. The next morning around 7 am, pt woke up with chills, body shaking all over. Pt stated she got a blanket and wrapped it around herself. She states her body shook for about 3 hours-she sat in a chair, no treatment, shaking subsided after about 3 hours and pt then felt a little """"woozie"""" but then felt a little better. Pt stated she also had no appetite all day."""""
Pt complained of severe headache and cold sweats all night after receiving vaccine. Nauseated today 9/24/15.
Sweating. Weakness. Trouble breathing. Loss of color.
Head ache light headedness nausea body aches and very fatigued.
Headache and nausea.
"PATIENT BECAME LETHARGIC, ACHY, DEVELOPED A FEVER AND HAD REDNESS AT THE VACCINE SITE."
"9/20 sneezing, mild headache, stiffness. 9/21 muscle aches, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, fainting, loss of blood pressure. 9/22 dizziness, indigestion."
"Dizzy, nausea, lightheaded, tightness in chest, trouble breathing, dry mouth."
"I gave the Fluvirin prefilled syringe lot (157605) with BD eclipse needle lot 3198468 exp 7/18.  The plunger would not depress, so I pulled the shot back and bit and it still wouldn't depress.  I discarded it and gave another one from the same lot and it worked just fine."
"Hoarseness, red eyes, difficulty breathing onset about 2 to 3 hours later."
"I went to Urgent care to get the Influenza vaccination, after 10 to 15 minutes later I started to feel strange; my lips started to swell and I could taste the medication on my tongue. I felt as if I was on drugs, such as in a slow motion, non focus, blurry and my speech was slurred. I felt pain in the middle of stomach it made me feel nausea, that I needed to vomit. My mental state was non-focus. The weakness lasted about 3 to 4 hours. When I went home, I laid down and fell asleep, when I woke up at 8:30pm I was still drowsy. When I woke up this morning, I felt normal. (Note: I did not take anything nor went to the Emergency Department.)"
"Patient complained of itching, the area was red on the entire upper arm, and it was warm to the touch."
PT STATING THAT HE WAS HAVING DIFFICULTY MOVING HIS RIGHT ARM AND THAT IT WAS VERY PAINFUL.
"PATIENT WAS VISIBILY PALE, WEAK, AND NAUSEOUS AFTER VACCINE ADMINISTRATION."
Patient has severe swelling of the arm.  Patient wanted both Afluria and Pneumovax injected in same arm.  She didn't have any issues with either vaccine in the past.
"Spouse states she took him to the ER, was feeling weak and experiencing high temperature ER diagnosed it as serum sickness from the vaccine."
"Pt reported to pharmacy around 3pm on 9/24, 24hours after receiving Fluvirin influenza vaccine. Pt had hive-like rash widespread on upper torso and arms. Advised pt to begin oral diphenhydramine 50mg, if no improvement or worsening of symptoms or difficulty breathing follow up with Emergency Room or primary care provider."
"SWELLING, REDNESS AT SITE. NO PAIN OR ITCHING. PT SELF MEDICATED W/ BENADRYL, APPLIED COLD PACK TO AREA."
"Nausea, Fever, Body cramps lasted for 36 hours and then fever continued for 48 hours. No treatment other than bedrest, Tylenol."
Pt says muscle in arm as just been achy since he's gotten the Fluzone HD. Still having that achy till this date 9/25/15.
"Pain, swelling, diarrhea."
"Muscle weakness, Rapid pulse, Feeling like passing out. Lasted several hours. Had to have help getting to bed to lie down.  This was FLUZONE HD PF 15-016 INJ."
"Injection site is raised, red, and warm (generally inflamed). Site is described as tender, although not more than is ordinary after a flu vaccine. Patient states that it burned when the vaccine was given, moreso than other flu vaccines. Otherwise the patient feels fine and has no other symptoms."
"Redness around injection site, mild itching and feverish to touch."
"Itching on upper torso (front, back), neck, arms. Started in morning and continued all day and night. Continued to next day which is today 9/25/3015. On 9/25 I also have a flem lump in my throat. The itching on my front chest feels hot to the touch and also feels hot inside. I notified my primary care physician who directed me to take Benadryl and if it gets worse with breathing or throat closing to go to the ER. I took Benadryl at 12:25 pm on 9/25/2015."
Redness and soreness below the injection site the size of a fist.  Patient choose to go to walk in clinic to have assessed by a provider.
"This case was reported by a other health professional via call center representative and described the occurrence of erythema in a adult patient who received FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (batch number 5C2L4, expiry date 18th June 2016). This case was associated with a product complaint. In September 2015, the patient received FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (intramuscular) .2 ml. On an unknown date, less than a week after receiving FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT, the patient experienced erythema and pharmaceuticals product complaint. On an unknown date, the outcome of the erythema and pharmaceuticals product complaint were unknown. The reporter considered the erythema to be probably related to FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT. Additional details provided were as follows: This case as reported by a pharmacy buyer. On 15th September 2015 or after (exact date of administration unknown), the patient received FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT on an unknown arm. The patient experienced localized redness around injection site and on arm. This is one of the five cases reported by the same reporter (see cases US2015133738, US2015133740, US2015133746 and US2015133773). The reporter was questioning about a specific lot administered to patients therefore filed related quality product complaint. At the time of reporting, any further details were not known by the reporter."
"Patient came in 2 days after shot and had large bruise below shot site that was about 2 in x 5 in. Upon follow up; she said it dissipated a little, no pain, or itching."
Pt. complained of vision problems lasting at least 3 days in (R) eye. Patient unaware if related to vaccine but wanted it noted. Patient stated increased pressure and pain in eye.
"Daughter states night of vaccination, she suffered from fatigue, disorientation, and muscle tremors. No symptoms the next day."
Redness on skin of right deltoid muscle. Slight swelling. Slight itching.
Syncope after FLUVIRIN. Came by immediately when put on floor. Left after about 10-15 min with mother. Mother was present.
"Redness, swelling, warm to the touch, itching, 4 x 6 cm eruption."
After receiving vaccine his arm became swollen and difficult to move being treated with ibuprofen and hydrocodone/APAP.
Rash over entirety of body that feels hot. Relatively unresponsive to antihistamines.
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of shivering in a 86-year-old female patient who received Influenza vaccine. On 15th September 2015, the patient received Influenza vaccine. On 15th September 2015, 2 hrs after receiving Influenza vaccine, the patient experienced shivering. On an unknown date, the patient experienced fever and tiredness. The patient was treated with ALEVE. On 15th September 2015, the outcome of the shivering was recovered/resolved. On an unknown date, the outcome of the fever was recovered/resolved and the outcome of the tiredness was not recovered/not resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the shivering, fever and tiredness to be related to Influenza vaccine. Additional details were provided as follows: Since many years, the patient had received flu vaccines every year and she did not experience any reaction after the vaccination. On 15th September 2015, at 4 pm, the patient received a flu vaccine. On the same day, at 6 pm, the patient started shivering and she was not able to get warm no matter how much she tried and then at 10 pm, it got resolved. The patient was fine. On 16th September 2015, Wednesday, in the evening at about 7 pm i.e. 27 hours after receiving Influenza vaccine, the patient's face started to get so hot that she felt like she was burning. Then, she took her body temperature and it was observed as 100.6 F. The patient had been indoors most of the days. The patient did not remember the last time she had temperature, usually it was 97 or lower. The patient took an ALEVE and went to bed. At the time of reporting, on 17th September 2015, less than a week after receiving the vaccine, the patient was fine but was only tired. The patient was scared to face the evening."
Passed out for 1 minute approximately 10 minutes after shot. Patient felt hot and sweaty. Patient threw up approximately 1 cup of vomit. Patient had diarrhea. Patient achy. Lasted approximately 12-15 hrs after vaccine. Patient had 1 incident of uncontrollable urination approximately 30 min after shot.
"This case was reported by a nurse via call center representative and described the occurrence of injection site swelling in a adult female patient who received FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (batch number 9525T, expiry date 12the June 2016). On 15th September 2015, the patient received FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT (intramuscular) .5 ml. On 15th September 2015, 2 hrs after receiving FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT, the patient experienced injection site swelling, injection site redness, injection site warmth and injection site pain. On an unknown date, the outcome of the injection site swelling, injection site redness, injection site warmth and injection site pain were recovering/resolving. It was unknown if the reporter considered the injection site swelling, injection site redness and injection site pain to be related to FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT. The reporter considered the injection site warmth be almost certainly related to FLUARIX QUADRIVALENT. Additional details were provided as follows: The patient ws in the early 30s. The reported injection site of FLUARIX was left deltoid. The patient experienced swelling, pain and redness at the injection site a couple of hours after receiving a FLUARIX injection. The injection site was also warm to touch. The reported reactions were improving on the day before the time of reporting, but the reporter had not seen the patient on the day of reporting. This case was one of the five cases, reported by the same reporter (see cases US2015GSK133985, US2015GSK133986, US2015GSK133988 and US2015GSK133984)."
"Redness upper arm (RT) 3"""" x 6"""", slightly swollen and warm to touch."""""
"Left upper arm with 4 in x 3 in area of slight erythema and warmth, no tenderness. Likely large weal inflammatory reading."
"Extreme swelling, redness, itching, burning, pain at injection site=five days. Extreme diarrhea, vomiting and weakness or sick feeling for 5-6 days."
2 x 5 area around injection red and hot.
"Extreme flare of neurological pain in my right arm and hand.  This is a level of pain I have never experienced before, which leads me to believe it may have been triggered by the flu vaccine."
Left upper arm local allergic rxn w/ redness and edema approximately 5-6 cm diam. where flu shot given yesterday.
"Rapid onset chills, shakes (severe). Progressed to inability to stand or walk. Became incontinent of urine. Pt has Parkinson's; this caused transient severe symptoms. Much improved 12 hrs later."
"Patient felt dizzy. When moves to a private room, she collapsed while two staff members supported her. She land on her back and regained consciousness. EMS was called and evaluated here. She was walked out to her car."
"Ininitally began with itching and redness at injection site. Redness about half dollar size. Pt was instructed to apply ice pack, Tylenol or Benadryl to relieve symptoms. Call if worsening. Pt called office on 9/25/15 stating a rash had developed. Pt seen in office on 9/25/15 and diagnosed with shingles. Unsure if this is related?"
"ARM WAS EXTREMELY PAINFUL, COULD NOT LIFT ELBOW OVER SHOULDER ON 9/24. TODAY 9/25 LARGE RED AREA NEAR SITE OF INJECTION THAT MEASURES 7 INCHES LONG AND 3-4INCHES WIDE, FEELS HOT TO TOUCH IN THAT AREA."
"The evening after receiving the Fluzone HD and Prenvar 13, pt developed a tingling in her tongue that progressed to a 9 out of 10 pain in her throat, difficulty swallowing and eyelid swelling. She did not have shortness of breath or rash. She took two 25mg doses of diphenhydramine and called EMS. She was evaluated at hospital and was given 60mg prednisone and 20mg famotidine. She was discharged with prescriptions for 20mg famotidine bid and a prednisone dose pack. She did not fill these prescriptions because her symptoms had largely resolved by the end of the day on 9/22. She was re-evaluated in clinic on 9/24 and no long-term symptoms or harm were noted."
"Received flu vaccine, achy, sore throat, light headed, drained of energy, x 2 days."
REDNESS AND ITCHING AT INJECTION SITE. HIVES FORMED 9/25/15. ITCHING ON LEFT SIDE OF BODY.
"Day after receiving flu vaccine, fever 103, achy, sore throat, light headed x 2 days."
"PATIENT CAME IN THIS MORNING AND REPORTED A BIG RED SKIN AREA ON HER UPPER LEFT ARM, NEAR INJECTION SITE. IT'S WARM TO TOUCH. NO PAIN. NO FEVER."
"Fever, chills, fatigue, dizziness, headache, pain in eyes, neck, and shoulder."
"Within a few hours of receiving flu vaccine, developed achiness, fever 102-103, no energy for 2 days."
"4:00 PM  Had dizziness, nausea, abdominal pain, no energy.  Did no treatment, did not eat or drink much until came to Employee Health on 9/25 at 3PM.  Sent to Emergency room for evaluation of abdominal pain of 7/10 and nausea."
"Arm Pain, Shoulder Pain, Back Pain."
Patient received Fluzone HD and began profusely sweating and feeling faint. Stated anxiety of needles and not eating today. She received fluids and attention from pharmacist and store management. Once calmed down and feeling better she left the store.
"1:45 PM: fatigue with mild chills. 8:00 PM: severe shaking and chills, body touch very cold, headache, eye ache, muscle ache, fever 100. Treatment: hot shower followed by heating pad and bed rest. 24 hour update: fatigue."
"Patient had fever (100.9 degrees), cold sweats, and redness on her arms. Two red areas (one on each arm), although not at injection site. Left arm received Fluzone HD, and red area was approximately 6 inches down from injection site. Prevnar 13 was administered in right arm, and red area was located about an inch below injection site."
"Vomit, severe headache, cold chills, fever; achy muscles."
"Patient complained of a swollen arm in arm injection was given, and a rash in that arm. She was instructed to apply a cold compress and take Benadryl. Patient stated that she had been taking Benadryl."
Intense pain below the waist. Fever of 102.4 Swollen injection site all within 2 hours of admin.
Patient has cellulitis in left arm from shot- area is red and hot to the touch.  Patient currently taking antibiotics for infection.
Site of injection was extremely red and swollen. Approximately 3 to 4 inches in length. Patient had no other symptoms at time of presentation to the pharmacy (approx. 4pm 9/25/15).
Patient Stated that after she received the flu shot she felt rashes under the skin. Then she felt better after taking Benadryl.
"Injection site became inflamed and under the skin a knot could be felt.  Site was inflamed, hot, and itchy.  Additionally had a fever, fatigue, and am experiencing an adverse reaction to certain smells (raw and cooked meat in particular).  The size of the inflamed site grew until Tuesday, 9/22/2015.  I had to miss work on Monday, 9/21/2015 because I felt so ill.  As of 9/25 when this report is being submitted, the knot is still visible and site still inflamed but now a dull purple instead of bright red."
"AT TIME OF INJECTION, PATIENT SAID THE AREA BURNED AND HURT. WITHIN 30 MINUTES, AREA WAS SILVER-DOLLAR SIZED AND RED AND INFLAMED. AT 3AM, PATIENT AWOKE WITH SORE QUADS AND SHOULDERS AND A RED, INFLAMED, HOT RASH ON THE DELTOID AREA (SITE OF VACCINATION). AFTER SPEAKING TO THE PHARMACIST, PATIENT WAS INSTRUCTED TO GO TO URGENT CARE WHERE SHE WAS DIAGNOSED WITH CELLULITIS. CURRENTLY RECEIVING TREATMENT WITH CLINDAMYCIN 300MG 4 TIMES DAILY FOR 10 DAYS."
"About 11 a.m., Saturday, September 19, 2015, I received a ôhigh dose flu shotö for those over 65.  About 45 minutes to one hour later, my head started to hurt.  I didnÆt feel well in general and tried to eat a saltine cracker.  I couldnÆt swallow the cracker.  It felt like something large was stuck in my throat.  I was able to drink water but my throat hurt and I couldnÆt swallow the cracker.  I began to cough and get hoarse. * Saturday mid-day:  My husband called facility and spoke with the nurse there.  He told her he thought I was having a reaction to the flu shot.  She told him that it was too soon for me to be having a reaction to the flu shot û that it would take 12-24 hours before a reaction would happen.  She said I probably just had an allergy and should take an antihistamine.  He asked her if he should bring me back to the clinic but she said not to bring me back.  She said it was too early to do diagnostic tests for the flu. * Saturday early afternoon:  My husband was not satisfied with the response the nurse gave him and called our pharmacist.  Pharmacist told him a reaction to the flu shot would be expected to occur within the first hour after taking the shot.  She was concerned about my throat problems (that swelling in my throat could cause breathing problems). She suggested I take an antihistamine but, if I didnÆt get better, that he should take me to an emergency room.  He went to the pharmacy and brought me Benadryl liquid antihistamine. * Saturday afternoon and night:  When he returned home from the pharmacy, I was feeling much worse.  I took the Benadryl.  He noticed the whites of my eyes had turned red and there was yellow matter in the corners of both eyes.  My neck was stiff and ached.  I began to have hard chills.  I ached all over.  My temperature was 102 degrees.  My throat hurt and it was hard to swallow.  My head hurt more and the chills were so hard I couldnÆt hold a glass to drink water to take ibuprofen û my husband held my glass of water so I could drink water.  After a couple hours, the big lump in my throat shrank a lot and I went to sleep.  I slept restlessly throughout the night.  * Sunday:  We ate breakfast early Sunday morning.  I had to eat soft food because my throat hurt.  My temperature was below normal.  My head hurt, my face and eyes were still swollen and my eyes were red.  I ached but had no chills.  My symptoms improved throughout the day.  I slept restlessly Sunday night.  Monday:  I woke with a headache but the swelling in my eyes and face was not as much.  I was wobbly and weak throughout the day.  By Monday evening, my headache had nearly subsided. Tuesday:  I went outside for the first time and walked about 15 minutes.  Still weak and wobbly but getting stronger. * Wednesday:  I felt stronger and walked outside for nearly an hour.  Symptoms had resolved."
"Runny nose, sore throat, laryngitis, with some chest tightness."
THE PATIENT IS STATING THAT HE HAS A LOT OF SORENESS AT THE INJECTION SITE. FROM DATE OF ADMINSTRATION TO 09-25-2015. THE PATIENT IS SAYING THAT HE CAN NOT LIFT HIS ARM.
"Lethargic, swelling to elbow on injected arm, fever for 2 days, bright red area, nausea."
Headache.
"Low-grade fever: 99.9. Substantial swelling of thigh on left leg, larger than the vaccine admin site. HIVES at vaccine admin site, hives spread over next few days, call doctor on Saturday to ask if can give Benadryl. Hives last a total of 6 days, they respond to the Benadryl, first by just reducing back to only covering the area at the vaccine sites on the thighs, then becoming smaller, then just disappearing. Hoarsness of voice begins at same time, Hoarseness lasts 2 weeks post vaccine admin. Please note: As same vaccines are usually administered at 4 month visit per recommended vaccine administration schedule, spoke with pediatrician about spacing out recommended vaccines e.g. instead of having all 8 vaccines administered at once again... doing one vaccine (or combo vaccine) a week in an attempt to a. identify the one that caused the allergy and/or b. reduce the chance of a repeated allergy by introducing less vaccines at once. Fingers crossed this works to address the problem and we see no further reactions/illness."
"Brachial Neuritis. Pain in vaccinated arm, joint pain in vaccinated arm."
"101 Fever, red spots on belly."
High fever.
"Pain and stiffness at injection site that radiated down arm and into chest. Red Blotchy areas on skin on left arm. Patient states started day of administration and then area affected continued to spread for the next few days. Now it is 2 weeks later and patient is still experiencing stiffness, and pain, and still some blotchy redness on sking of left arm."
"PATIENT REPORTED SWELLING AT INJECTION SITE, SLIGHT WARMTH, AND SORENESS IN TRYING TO RAISE ARM ABOVE HEAD."
"Developed red, blistered rash on arm below injection site. Was advised to take Zyrtec. Two follow up calls were made to pt over the following week. At time of first call she reported improvement of rash and at second follow call reported resolution."
"Body aches, vomiting, weakness, fatigue, sweats and chills."
"Patient received Fluzone HD in the right arm. She received Prevnar 13 in the left arm following the first vaccine. Immediately following administration, she announced she became light headed. She held her hed between her legs at that time. Her blood pressure and pulse dropped and she was sweating. Paramedics were called to the scene."
"The patient fainted briefly for few seconds upon administering the flu vaccine.  Pulse and breathing within normal limits, patient sweat a little.  Patient was coherent and conscious, EMS was called just in case, but not use service due to non life threatening."
"Tiny, red, itchy spots on body appeared 1 & 1/2 days after vaccine.  Soreness at injection site reported 1 & 1/2 days after vaccine."
"Extreme dizziness, vomiting, slight headache at lower back of the neck, low fever, some mental confusion, some tingling in extremities, blurred vision."
Patient called pharmacy and said her arm was swollen and sore. She said she felt fine and that it was just sore. I explained that she may want to use Ibuprofen and ice to see if that may give her relief.  She came to pharmacy the next day and upon further inspection it appeared that the patient had suffered a local injection site reaction. The area on her arm was warm and swollen. This occurred at 6:21Pm on 9/26/2015. I recommended that she continue with Ibuprofen and ice the area and that I would follow up with her in the morning. The patient was afebrile and not complaining of anything other than her arm being tender and sore. I explained that if she was not feeling better that she may need to go to emergency department. She said that she felt fine and that she would be all right.
"Patient said felt warm all over, and her body felt heavy.  We monitored her blood pressure and pulse.  Then we gave her 25mg of diphenhydramine liquid, and continue to monitor her, her blood pressure, and her pulse for the next 50 to 60 minutes."
"At 9:30am on 9/26/15 patient came to the pharmacy with red dots and rash all over body mostly on her arms, chest and stomach. She stated that on 9/24/15 between 2 and 2:30pm, she received 3 vaccinations. She came home and went to bed, 6 hours later her thumbs swelled up, her hands were stiff. Her chest was on fire. Her back felt like someone hit it with a hammer. The patient said she took Naproxyn that she has at home and felt okay. In the morning of 9/26/15, the patient woke up with red spots and itchy rash on her body. I recommended her to use topical Benadryl cream and Zyrtec tablets to alleviate the itch. I also recommended her to take Benadryl at night only to help her sleep (itch and hives). I warned her about the drowsiness side effect of both over the counter antihistamines, mostly Benadryl. At 4:15pm later that day, I followed up with the patient and she stated that the Benadryl cream works very well. She said """" I will be okay"""". I advised the patient to call the Pharmacy with any questions and keep us informed."""""
"Conjunctivitis, progressing into shortness of breath, runny nose and diarrhea."
"A while after receiving Prevnar 13 on 09-25-15, patient experienced uncontrollable shaking of both of her fore arms.  She also experienced a flushed face, bubbly, peeling lips, and dizziness.  She needed assistance walking due to the dizziness.  On 09-26-15 patient felt aches, chills, fatigue, and lack of appetite, and some dizziness.  Patient no longer had uncontrollable fore arm shaking or bubbly peeling lips or flushed face.  Patient has not sought treatment.  She reported her experience to me on 09-26-15."
"Severe pain in arm and shoulder, particularly in underside muscle of arm that was administered shot. Neither Ibuprofen nor Naproxen are helping, arm is barely usable and sometimes causes disruption and difficulty performing tasks in daily life."
REDNESS AND SWELLING ON INJECTION SITE.
"Chills, violent shaking, followed by shooting pains in several joints. Chills lasted two hours. Joint pains lasted about four hours. This morning, 9/27/2015, weakness & fatigue were pronounced for about six hours."
"Patient's left arm turned red and is warm to the touch in area of vaccine (upper left arm). Patient stated the red area kept spreading so she went to see a doctor.  He told her that it was nothing to worry about but he gave her a Medrol dose pak to help with the inflammation.  Doctor advised her that since she is over age 65, she will not need another pneumonia shot again in the future."
"Swelling (left arm edema), redness, soreness of upper left arm from Pneumovax23 injection. Pt iced left arm. She also took Aleve. Symptoms were not worsening after 24 hours and she felt ice and ibuprofen helped. She also noted she developed cough overnight, but the cough is not worsening and she had no shortness of breath or swelling of airways associated with it."
Patient experienced redness surrounding injection site. Area was warm to the touch and remained red 4 days after administration. Ice pack has been applied to the area.
"Fever, chills, sweats, diarrhea, severe stomach pain, malaise, nausea, occipital neuralgia. All symptoms were ongoing and lasted until 9/27/2015."
"Arm was sore, swollen, hot, and red within 2 hours of shot. By today the redness and swelling is 3"""" to 4"""" in diameter.  I am fatigued, lethargic."""""
"Vertigo. No rash, or fever or nausea. Lack of balance. Lighted clock face moved up and down in the dark when I was still. Disorientation."
"Started feeling poor at work after receiving flu shot. Felt dizzy, headache, body aches, and warm. When I arrived home, I checked my temperature and it was 102.6."
"Dizzy, headache, N&V, sore throat, fever 101, achy muscles, no energy times 2 days."
"No energy, fever, achy muscles, nausea, fever times 2 days."
"Severe back muscle aches, times 3 days."
Severe stomach pain and head ache.
"Painful left shoulder joint becoming more painful with limited range of motion on 09/25/2015.  Limited motion in left shoulder with pain continues today, though I have begun doing PT exercises at home."
"I got a flu shot in my left arm and the Tdap in my right arm. Both shots were given very high on my arm close or shoulder socket.  I had no pain at time of either injection but pain became severe about 8 hours after the shot in both shoulders.  The flu shoulder was ok the next day, but the Tdap shoulder has become increasingly more painful each day.  I have limited movement and extreme pain.  I called to the pharmacist to report the problem and he suggested pain killer.  This has not been adequate in restoring motion or alleviating pain."
Bruise appeared on shoulder where flu vaccine was administered and a spot/bump appeared on the back of the arm where the shingles vaccine was administered.
"Severe lower back muscle spasms and weakness when getting off bed. Faded off in 1/2 hr, but returned next day and getting worse."
Swelling at injection site within 12 hours. Weakness within 12 hours. Insomnia. No treatment.
"Episode of PAC's (which patient has prior history of). Patient reports they began day after vaccine (09/23/2015) and continued until 9/24 or 9/25. Patient left a message with my corporate voicemail and with her primary care doctor on 9/25, but did not seek any further treatment."
"COUGH, SINUS DRAINAGE, WET EYES, NOSE DRIPPING, SORE THROAT, PROBABLE INFLAMED TRACHEA/ AIR-WAY."
"Sore throat, ear pain, nausea, inability to swallow mucous, body aches, fatigue."
"Same day of vaccination (9/24/2015), I started with some itching burning hives in both legs, started around 7:30pm, about 10:00pm, I went to the pharmacy and got some Benadryl capsules and anti-itching cream, I got better, when I got up in the morning 7:00am is started in my left arm, so I apply some more cream. I called my PCP and instructed me to keep taking Benadryl every 6 hours and if gets worse go to ER. Last night 09/27/2015 around 8:00pm, it started again in my left knee."
Excessive arm soreness and tingling lasting for more than 4 days.
"Patient reported soreness in her shoulder/upper arm on Saturday 9/26/15, but that had gone away by her follow up call on Monday 9/28/15.  On 9/26 she noted brownish-green discoloration on the upper left arm where the flu vaccine was administered that was smooth and bruise-like.  She also noticed a rose color farther down her arm towards her elbow.  Denies any itching, hives, bumps, or difficulty breathing."
Excessive arm soreness and tingling lasting for more than 4 days.
"Swelling, redness and pain to injection site (left deltoid) 6 days after immunization was given. Treated with ice, prednisone and antihistamine."
"Skin was inflamed and hot to touch. Area around immunization site was slightly inflamed, most of inflammation was 2-3 inch below injection site."
"Client called 9-25-15 at 2:49 p.m. report reaction to MMR vaccine received 9-17-15 left arm. C/O symptoms-swelling lips, red, oral mucosa, very sensitive """"hot"""" itching at site, papule red ? 4 cm per client, no breathing problems."""""
"Patient reports residual muscle pain and slight swelling. Says this unusual from years past. Advised to use OTC TYLENOL, to call MD if unbearable. Will call in 24 hours."
Left upper arm local reaction to either flu or pneumonia vaccine. 19 cm x 11 cm reaction area.
Syncope. Patient counseled by administering pharmacist over the phone.
Pt. states that it is very hard and painful for him to use the arm where the vaccine was administered unable to lift it well.
"Pt. said she had a little bump and felt """"funny"""" I checked up on pt. 9/22 and she stated she felt better."""""
Left side of face swollen/neck also. Coughing. Nose stopped up. Eyes felt like film. 7:30 pm symptoms started vaccinated at 4:15 pm.
"Swelling, warm to the touch, hardening, redness."
"Pt called and complained of weakness and soreness after flu shot. Initially thought she had a virus, but then she said her arm had been swollen from injection site to elbow. Referred to MD. Allergy?? Following up w/ MD in one week."
"Injection site next day was hot and red, pain radiated to neck and shoulder and had """"flu-like symptoms""""."""""
Patient's upper face went numb for 5 days. After going to the ED. She was informed that it was trigeminal neuralgia from the high dose flu shot. (right trigeminal nerve).
"Per pts daughter, pt went to ER, had redness, swelling, confusion, """"fever in arm"""", black dot where vaccination was administered."""""
"Woke up Friday morning with pain in right arm, red area and warm, high fever 100+ and pain in stomach."
"Uncontrollable chills, shaking, fever of 103, left arm hurt where shot was given."
"Upon administration, pt. reported """"seeing spots."""" Pt. called pharmacy 9/25 complaining of high fever, cold hands and chills. Pt. was referred to her PCP for evaluation and treatment."""""
"Patients came to pharmacy because right upper hand is red, hot swollen. Patient also complains of rash in the area. This appear today in the morning."
"Starting day after vaccine, area was """"red, irritated and itchy"""". I recommended a cool compress and Benadryl. *irritation was on RA."""""
"Fever 12 hours after vaccine given which lasted 5 days inflammation of arm, rash, redness, hot and hard treated with antibiotics and nausea medication."
The evening after pt. received vaccine she developed puffy eyes; Blisters on face and both arms; heated at injection site. Temp of 99.1; itchy at blister sites pt treated at home with APAP and cold compress and BENADRYL sx lasted about 4 days.
"Pt noticed mild itching over injection site, and removed band aid. Next night, pt's wife noticed pt was hot to touch. Pt notes he had alcohol and was """"buzzed."""" Wife drove pt to ER at 2000 hrs. Temp was 99 degrees F. Pt left w/out being seen due to wait time. Small lesions present under band-aid site. Pt occ gets hot flashes."""""
Patient came into pharmacy 8 days after vaccine administration (vaccine administered 9/17/150 and told me at 8pm (same day of administration) he had fever chills and shaking. His wife took him to ER and they gave him IV fluids and that he had a fever and left ER and went home after being there for 5 hours.
A few hours after injection. Injection site slightly red all around about the shape of grapefruit. Circle size not swollen. Warm to touch and sore. Patient took ALLEGRA 180mg and TYLENOL on 9/26/15. Patient's 1st dose of HIGH DOSE. She normally gets regular flu shot.
"Localized swelling, warmth and erythema no systemic symptoms; T=cold compresses."
Pt left arm is red and swollen. Being seen today 9/28/15 by our dr here at facility.
"Pt's deltoid immediately swelled 1/2 in x 2 in circle raised lump. Pt stated he did not feel well and had a vasovagal response. EMS came. His blood sugar was 66. Other vitals 118/72, HR= 84, PO: 98%."
Pt said red bumps all over her body. Sunburn feeling. Swollen legs. Blurry vision.
"Starting 1 day after vaccine given-bright red itchy swollen skin, hive under armpit. Fatigue side effects continuing 6+ days."
"Eye lid stinging, whole mouth stinging, drooling, occurred for 4 hrs, excessive eye, saliva, and nasal fluid. Difficult time with pain from 7-1:00 pm, 1 and 1/2 hours after shot."
"Patient reported he had difficulty breathing when he laid down the night he got the vaccinations. He could breathe sitting up or standing, but not when lying down."
"Extreme fatigue, wekaness, fast heartrate, dizziness, sore throat, breathing issues (short of breath) high blood pressure, severe bruising t site. ER visit/overnight stay."
"Diarrhea, headaches, sick to stomache. This started within 48 hours after vaccination."
"Vaccine administered late afternoon 9/16. Left arm PREVNAR 13. 9/17 Fever 101.6, body aches, fatigue. 9/18 Seen in office ongoing fatigue, afebrile, 7 cm hot red localized reaction."
"On 09-10-15 broke out with a burning red rash. 3 spots on each side and back. On 09-11-15 broke out with a itching, burning red spots from shoulders to between my toes this lasted 8 days."
Pt states arm hurts still 9/18/15 can't sleep on left side.
"The day after receiving FLUVIRIN she began having headache, fever, malaise and redness, pain and swelling at the injection site. Two days after vaccine she returned to the pharmacy for symptoms. Injection site was red and raised approx. 5 cm x 3 cm."
"Pain left upper arm.  Ice pack injection site. Tylenol.  Next night 9/4/2015 pain worse, Pain in shoulder continued and worse at night when lying down.  Saw doctor 9/16/2015 and was told I had reaction to flu shot, skin inflammation."
"Within a very short amount of time, patient reported feeling dizzy with palpitation. Her hands were shaking, and she felt like her blood pressure was decreasing.  We are a pharmacy inside a hospital, so we called for help.  A dozen healthcare professionals (doctors and nurses) rushed to come get her."
Patient called today (9/28/15) to report severe arm pain and limited range of motion at injection site. Said that it had started approximately the day of administration but he waited to report thinking it would go away. Advising patient to ice and NSAIDS to see if he can get symptomatic relief.
"Shooting pain from neck to feet, fever 101, dizzy, headache, sore muscles, no energy, times 2 days."
Shortness of breath upon exertion.
"Hives in palms and between fingers on both hands (severe itching, swelling, redness). BENADRYL and anti-itch lotion. (Lasted 24 hrs.). This was my 10th flu shot but my first high-dose."
"Diffuse bruising/black and blue surrounding site of injection, tender to touch. Lasted 10 days post-immunization."
Diarrhea upset stomach.
"Circular reaction around injection site.  No redness, blisters formed in a circular formation.  Reaction looked similar to ring worm.  No fever, normal muscle soreness resolved next day."
CHILLS AND 101 FEVER.
"Pain in arm; unable to lift arm at all.  Ice, acetaminophen.  Still taking acetaminophen 09/27/15 & still unable to lift arm over her head."
PT COMPLAINED THEY FELT VERY DIZZY AND SICK TO THEIR STOMACH WHEN THEY WENT TO BED THE NIGHT THEY RECEIVED THEIR FLU SHOT.  HE SAID THE SYMPTOMS LASTED ABOUT 48 HOURS.
SWELLING AT INJECTION SITE WITH BLOOD UNDER THE SKIN.
"Redness, minor pain, warmth at site of injection."
The patient (employee) came back to the pharmacy and said that it was mainly her upper left arm that had gone numb.  She also said that the feeling seemed to be coming back.  Her ob-gyn was contacted who had told her to get the vaccination (she is 5 months pregnant).  He saw no need for her to go to emergency room but told her to go if she got dizzy or faint.  Her vaccination was done under a standing order from Dr.
"Weakness, fainting, loss of vision, clammy, seizures, Psychotic break, signs of strokes, slurring of speech, borderline unconscious."
"Syncope episode while sitting after patient given influenza vaccination, patient given ice pack to put on neck and remained sitting until able to ambulate."
"Rash on the inner side of left arm below the administered site.  Pt has no fever, rash is itchy slightly warm to touch.  Rash continued but not spread as of 9/25/15 with OTC hydrocortisone topical."
"Dizziness, fever, sore throat."
Initially uncomfortable red area warm to the touch which developed into cellulitis per ED at local hospital by that evening/night.
"After receiving the Vaccine, patient waited 15minutes in Immunization section. Upon standing became light headed-dizzy, increase anxiety and Palpitations. Patient denied any SOB, nausea vomiting, tingling in his throat. Disclosed medical history of hypothyroid and mild anxiety. Upon assessment patient wasn't diaphoretic pulse 77 normal RR. ER staff escorted patient to ER for evaluation."
"Nausea, vomiting, chills, headache."
"Fever of 101 degrees F, Severe body aches, Chills, Nausea, Headache, Fatigue, Inject Site Soreness."
"Site manager of Housing reported pt had a sore arm and observed the site that was red the size of a grapefruit and swollen. Called 9/17/15, site manager reported arm feeling better."
"Pt c/o experiencing extreme pain, discomfort in shoulder with decreased mobility and decreased strength. Pt c/o burning sensation in shoulder, extending toward elbow."
"Pt has autoimmune disorder (Graves), hives, swollen and hurt arms to elbows (knots 4 days), palpitations, confusion, headache, nausea (lasts 4 days), sore throat, runny eyes and nose which increased hyperthymia, raspy cough. Pt on sedatives and antihistamines,"
Redness and swollen starting from the left arm injection site to left elbow. Patient also report tired.
"Client was given hep B, Td, Var, PPD, Flu and HPV9 vaccine was given last at 10:45 AM. Client was already on exam table, c/o of dizziness. Pt remained responsive, no injuries or fall observed. Ice pack applied. Pt said he didn't eat and afraid of needles. V/S at 10:50 AM 99 F, 60, 16, 134/76. No pain. Color pink, not diaphoretic, but shaking. BP 140/90 at 11 AM. Pt had warm water at 11:05 AM. Vitals at 11:15 AM 140/80, 60, 18, Temp 98.6, still c/o shaking. 911 called, directed to go to ER. Pt stated feeling better, denied dizziness and shakiness when leaving the clinic, ambulatory without difficulties."
Upon injection-injection site began to swell and bleeding occurred. Bleeding stopped. Ice was applied-swelling did start to go down. Checked on patient later in afternoon. Was doing fine.
"Patient came to me 9-28-15. Complained of nausea since the vaccination, also had fatigue. I believe she stated she missed a day or so of work."
"Radial nerve symptoms, suspect mod weakness of wrist extensor. Radial nerve edema."
She developed a small scab at injection site. Its lasted 2 weeks. Scab shows no sign of infection. Told her to follow up with PCP.
Hives.
Excessive swelling and redness to site and outer arm of injection lasting 2-3 days. This was accompanied with pain. Symptoms began w/in 4-6 hours of administration.
"Swollen in the face. Red in the face, ears, stomach, and diaper area. Gave some lemonade and Motrin. Within 2 hours the allergic reaction went down. Went back to the Dr. to document later that afternoon."
Staff member received flu vaccination at 13:00 on 9/22/15. Around 15:00 noticed chest getting tight similar to having a chest cold. By 16:45 it was difficult for her to breath with nonproductive cough. At 19:20 BENADRYL 25mg PO taken and by 19:40 symptoms began resolving. Staff member made full recovery with no side effects.
"COUGH, CHILLS, LOW GRADE FEVER (99.8), BODY DISCOMFORT, MUSCLE ACHES, SORE THROAT, STUFFY NOSE, HEADACHE. LASTING 18 HOURS, TREATED AT HOME WITH TYENOL, 500MG. SOME SYMPTOMS ON GOING. GETTING BETTER?"
"Face, chest and arm around the injection site became very red for a sold half hour. Also my chest felt tight like when my asthma is acting up and my throat was slightly itchy."
"Redness and swelling 9-10 cm diameter around injection site. Treatment: Ice, ADVIL, BENADRYL."
"Employee is a Pharmacy Technician who got her Flu-Inactivated, vaccine at Flu clinic in hospital on 9/26/15 at 8 pm and 2 hours later, at 10 pm felt, chills, head congestion w/ clear runny watery nose, achy. She went to ER and was diagnosed with a """"viral respiratory illness"""". Note-exam of left deltoid=normal."""""
"Redness around injection site, heat around injection area, swelling in entire arm, pain and numbness and tingling in entire arm."
"Rednes, hot to touch, fever of 102.8 orally site soreness."
"Vision, vomiting, balance, chills, fever 3 1/2 hours after shot, lasted 1 day."
"Red, swollen, warm to touch area around both injection site on each arm. Shots given 9/22/15 started 9/23/15."
"Localized maculopapular rash spreading to arms, (chest and legs)."
Throat began to close - felt like a lump growing on left side or something stuck. An hour later felt like a lump growing on right side of throat across from left lump. Swallowing became difficult. Then extreme chills. Took double dose of Benadryl and prepared to go to ER if Benadryl didn't work.
"Employee stated she has """"always developed a heavy, swollen, numb and reddened arm after flu vaccine. Doesn't matter which arm is used. Today the symptoms are different because she is having pain with small electric shocks and constant burning between her shoulder and elbow of the left arm."""""
"Weak, fever, headache, dizziness, chills, achy joints, achy muscles times 3 days."
Patient has a red circle around the area of injection on her left arm (from the Boostrix).  She said it itches.
"Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, rash under arms."
"Shoulder at injection site became extremely sore and couldn't move arm, sleep, etc. because of pain.  Tylenol did not ease the pain.  Pain was severe enough to almost bring tears to my eyes when trying to sleep.  24 hours later, pain has lessened, but still extremely sore with limited movement capability."
Arm red and swollen.
"LEFT ARM INITIALLY PAINFUL WITH ROM, NUMBNESS STARTING IN PM ON 27TH, 28TH AM SWELLING STARTED. CURRENTLY ROM IMPROVED, SWELLING OF ARM/HANDS STILL EVIDENT, PAIN PERSISTS AT SAME LEVEL."
"Patient reported she has redness and swelling at the injection site and by 7pm Friday evening, she had aches, pains and a fever that peaked at 100.9 degrees.  She used ice packs for swelling and Tylenol for the fever.  The fever went down to 97 degrees by Saturday morning at 6:30 am.  She reported she still had some aches and pains but they were getting better and were almost resolved."
"Nausea with vomiting, weakness, cold feeling in arms.  Normal neuro exam.  No visible skin reaction, no wheezing. No specific treatment."
Hives.
"Painful injection site. Swollen, red, and warm."
Patient developed vertigo and her eyes and lips were swollen. Patient then took Allegra for 3 days until symptoms resolved on 09/22/2015.
Redness and itching.
"Severe pain through entire left arm. Muscle weakness, unable to grip anything with left hand. Odd sensations of cold water or prickling running down arm."
"Patient stated that she woke up with a sore left arm and was red and swollen. She took Tylenol and put ice on it and went to work. She said the next day, her arm was still sore and swollen and it swelled into a perfect square on her left arm. She continued to take Tylenol and went to work.  Today she came to the pharmacy after work and showed me her arm, no swelling but a little redness still there.  She states that now it is sore into her neck but soreness diminished in her arm.  Slightly tender to the touch."
Swelling and redness around the site of the vaccine.  Measured 2 in. x 2.5 in. First noticed at 7:30 PM day after vaccination.  No behavioral changes.  Indication of scratch marks.  Noticeable radiating heat from site of vaccine.
"MUSCLE PAIN, SWELLING AT INJECTION SITE AND RADIATING OUTWARD FROM IT."
Rash and itching at injection site.
"Received Prevnar and Fluzone HD 1: apart in the Right Arm - Sunday morning below the area that the injections were given (right above the elbow) she developed a rash and was extremely tired the whole day.  Still present Monday and started taking Benadry which helped a little, now has heat and a bruise forming."
"Sore throat, nausea, fever hoarse, coughing, sore muscles, ear pain x 4 days."
"Sore throat came first, followed by fatigue and a low grade (99.5) fever. The sore throat still hurts as of 9/30/15. Fever is gone, fatigue still present."
"PATIENT HAS FILLED SOME ANTIBIOTICS SINCE VACCINATION FOR """"CHEST STUFF"""". HE SAID HE THINKS IT WAS THE PREVNAR THAT CAUSED HIM TO GET SICK BECAUSE HE HAS BEEN SICK SINCE HE WAS GIVEN MEDICATION."""""
"At 1700 the day of the vaccination, hives developed on the forearms and upper extremities on both the right and left arms. At 1800, a fever of 100 degrees developed with a headache.  No shortness of breath, no difficulty breathing, no abominal pain."
"Felt nausea on drive home between 5:30 and 6:00pm. Diarrhea at 6:00pm, vomiting at 6:15pm. Rehydrated with small glass of water, few ounces of gatorade, and a few crackers. Vomited violently 4 more times and diarrhea five more times.   Took 1 dose of Zofran at 9:30pm and slowly rehydrated with water and gatorade. Vomiting and diarrhea stopped after administering of zofran."
Patient experienced redness at injection site and extending down arm towards elbow and extreme pain in deltoid upon awakening the morning after shot. Patient saw doctor and was given prednisone 40mg daily for 6 days and diphenhydramine 25mg-50mg every 4-6 hours as needed.
"Patient's wife stated 4 hours after receiving the vaccine he had tremors, sweating, and weakness. Went to ER and was told it might have been from the flu shot. Not sure what he was given at hospital."
Tues Sept 8 I received flu shot about 2 pm. THey gave me the HIGH DOSE -> vom 6 pm-8:30 pm I was ice cold and shaked and shook and teeth rattled and hard knot on right side where 9-8-15 About 2 pm received mega dose flu shot for seniors at 5 pm to 8:30 pm had terrible shakes and shingles and teeth rattling so cold fingers my hands and feet got cold. It was awful I thought I would die it felt like my Bells Palsy was coming back it was awful I do not know if I will ever take another one.
"Patient noticed redness, swelling, and hot to touch to left arm on 9/26/15. Patient did not take any ibuprofen or apply cold packs to arm. On 9/28/15, patient reported reaction to nurse. Patient states her reaction lessened since then, Area was noted to be redenned and slightly swollen only."
"Patient bled from vaccination site, then a small whelt appeared at the vaccination site, then he lost consciousness for approximately a minute."
"This case was reported by a physician via other manufacturer and described the occurrence of injection site infection in a female patient who received FLUARIX TRIVALENT. On 9th September 2015, the patient received FLUARIX TRIVALENT. On an unknown date, less than a week after receiving FLUARIX TRIVALENT, the patient experienced injection site infection, injection site redness and injection site warmth. The patient was treated with antibiotics nos (Drug Name Unknown). On an unknown date, the outcome of the injection site infection, injection site redness and injection site warmth were unknown. It was unknown if the reporter considered the injection site, injection site redness and injection site warmth to be related to FLUARIX TRIVALENT. Additional details were received as follows: In September 2015, the patient developed injection site redness and injections site warmth. On 11th September 2015, the patient visited her physician, who stated that she had a secondary injection site infection. She was prescribed unspecified antibiotics to resolved the problem."
"Patient received FLUZONE HIGH DOSE on the left arm. Half an hour later, she experienced swelling and pain. Her deltoid and upper arm were swollen and warm to touch. The area that swelled is 6"""" x 3"""" on her arm. Two days later, the swelling went down."""""
"Pt is having trouble lifting arm rotating arm, soreness, nausea, joint ache, chills."
"Patient described a """"vicious headache"""" upon awakening the following morning that lasted until about suppertime. She said sh felt like she was kicked in the back the head and a vein was pulsing out. She reported nausea for the following 2 days."""""
"After given 4th vaccine, he became pale and laid head on arm-passed out and then immediately tensed/convulsed about 3 seconds. Mom reported (via translator) symptoms usual after vaccines-always happens and not new symptoms. Reported after vaccines given. Cold pack applied to back, head down between knees. Vitals checked, monitored, snack and water. 1035 BP-110/80 HR-76 R-16 T-97%."
"Client became clammy and pale. States that she felt """"weird"""" after her shots. Denies headaches, blurred vision but stomach ache per she states that she did not eat today and has been here since 7 am. Ice pack given, snacks. VS complete. Resolved s/s at discharge."""""
"Hives, no respiratory distress w/in 5 mins after vaccine was given; BENADRYL 1 tsp PO x 2 dose then Q 6 hours sent to the ER, spreading to front and (L) leg thigh pains-where he got his shot."
"States noted redness, lump and warmth at site within 24 hours. Persisted x 5 days. Also pain at site."
Patient had local site reaction to vaccine. Redness and pain around injection sites for each vaccine.
"The injection site turned red, warm to touch and spread around various centimeters.  I also feel itchiness."
RED ZONE AT INJECTION SITE.
"Patient developed itching of face and mouth on the evening of 9/23, also complains of development of rash and mouth ulcers which she noticed on 9/24/15. She has received the flu vaccine in prior years with no allergic reaction reported. She denies any egg allergy.  She is not experiencing any skin reaction near the injection site.  She also reported eating out at a restaurant immediately following vaccination at the pharmacy. It is  possible that the symptoms she is experiencing were a result of some food type allergy, although she is not aware of any food allergies at this time.    Patient is currently managing symptoms with over the counter Benadryl. I instructed patient to contact her PCP is her symptoms worsen or do not resolve for further treatment."
"Started with cough which increased in frequency, felt that throat opening was tightening, aches in shoulders and neck, went to bed by 8:30 PM. Wondered if my throat would close completely in the night. Got up during the night with very red, oozing eyes and swollen pockets on my face. No cough or throat tightness in the morning but eyes were still red, face still swollen.  Dizzy during the day. All issues resolved by Tuesday evening except some aches in shoulders and neck."
"Patient states arm swollen. At first thought it normal side effect, but can't lift above shoulder. It is worsening he states today."
None stated.
9/5 left arm swollen and warm to touch. 9/4 area was itchy and swollen. May use loratadine and BENADRYL at bedtime.
"2 hours after HIGH-DOSE flu shot, pt experienced drop in BP from 125/75 -> 90/50. Chills, uncontrollable shaking. Almost passed out, very lethargic and several hours."
"As soon as needle was taken out of her arm, she bled alot and the injection site swelled into a hard lump."
"None known at this time, vaccine was given today, supervisor/doctor/parent notified of error."
"Racing heart, tingling around my mouth after about one hour of receiving the vaccination. Then felt light-headed. I actually prepared myself to advise a co-worker that I may need 911. About 4:00 PM, a hard, white, large mucous developed in the corners of my eyes and that continued for 24 hours. Achy muscles developed in the evening. Woke up in the middle of the night with pain in my head, pain in my mouth area/jaw and was very weak. I felt I may have had a fever but did not look for a thermometer to take my temperature. I stayed awake for several hours and during that time, the pain reduced tremendously. Fell back asleep and woke up at 6:30 AM feeling great except had the hard white large mucous in the corner of my eyes. The eye mucous reduced and disappeared about lunch time. I took no pain medication during that time. I hadn't received a flu vaccination in about 10 years previous to this vaccination. I'm thinking I will not get another vaccination. Thank you."
"Sore throat, aches, hive rash on upper back and neck and chest area."
"I am still having symptoms. It started with severe fatigue and sleeping 16 hours or more. As of 09/25/2015 I have had a headache, nausea and a terrible itch in my throat. Today I took allergy medicine because my throat was swollen. I can barely stay awake. Last year I broke out in hives for 10 days and my throat was swollen. I received a high dose of prednisone about 3 weeks after the flu shot. Was not 100% sure it was from the flu shot, but now I know it was."
Bruising and redness and swelling of arm down to elbow.
(L) anterior thigh with 3 cm erythematous inflammed pain.
"24 hours after injection û swelling. 48 hours after injection û continued swelling, redness, heat, persistent itching. Took Zyrtec and applied ice pack."
4 INCH RASH SURROUNDING INJECTION SITE.
"After receiving the shingles and flu shots I felt very flu like aches. Developed a fever of 100.3 sore, red, hot, hard bump at injection site and a very bad headache. Fever lasted until mid morning, still have mild headache and arm is still red, hot, sore, and hard bump 24 hrs after injection."
"Arthralgia of elbow of injection site arm, pain in great toe metatarsophalangeal joint, pain in ankle."
"Sore throat, fever, joint aches, productive cough, nasal congestion, stomach cramps, diarrhea."
"The night of her vaccination, the patient had trouble lifting her left arm.  The next day she also had trouble lifting her right arm, then her back hurt and she had problems with her knees and joints.  She reported trouble standing and walking.  She improved 2 days after the vaccine, and the symptoms had resolved after 3 days."
Patient started to feel achy from head to toes and had severe stomach upset. It was severe enough that patient reported to ER.
"Over night it felt sore, as day progressed the reaction has spread to a rash around the site of injection with mild swelling and mild warmth to touch."
Patient states site of injection swelled within hours of receiving vaccine. Large bruise at site 4-5 inches round. No blistering or peeling. Bruise now yellow and purple in color.
"Patient awoke after going to bed with a debilitating headache, severe lower back pain. She felt lethargic. Symptoms continued for 24 hours."
Patient had a fever of 101 overnight. She took aspirin. She had a headache this morning.
"Red, swollen, hot to touch, localized reaction to right arm around injection site. Size about 6 inches in diameter. No fever."
The patient received both the Pneumovax and Fluzone HD in the left shoulder. That patient now has redness and warmth in the left bicep. The doctor diagnosed it as cellulitis.
Patient reported pain upon injection.  Patient returned on 9/29/15 showing a bruise of approx. 4 mm and said the area was very sore.
"Patient reported very painful around site of administration to the point where it hurt to move her arm. Swelling, redness. Area was warm. Patient stated arm continued to hurt more as time progressed."
"102 fever lasted 4 days, could not lift arm, vomiting, redness, and swelling that was moving down to her arms. Went to doctor 2 times was given antibiotic. She reported to us on 9/25 after her Dr visit and by then fever was down and redness was outside a line where her Dr. made a line around the area. 9/28 no fever, swelling is down and still some redness. Dr added more days to be on antibiotic."
"Patient states after receiving Prevnar at MD office, then an hour later receiving Fluzone HD at Pharmacy, developed rash on most of body with itching.  Lasting a couple days."
"Sore shoulder and neck, continued to get worse each day and travel from shoulder to neck upper back and down arm of side vaccination was on, it is 7 days later and I had to intermittently lay on ice or heating pad all night last night to get any sleep, my lymph nodes feel swollen on that side under my arm and in my neck  I am trying to reach my Dr about it."
"Increasing pain in shoulder joint.  Pain is sharp and limits range of motion.  Due to pregnancy, treatment has been icing and Tylenol."
"Fast heartbeat, shallow breathing, jittery feeling for about 45 minutes."
"Patient reported to nurse who checked him that he was feeling lightheaded and had a headache after receiving the HPV, Menactra, and Influenza vaccines.  Headache was 10/10.  Vital signs were checked and initially normal.  Patient was assessed by physician and no focal deficits were noted.  He was advised to lie down after drinking water and given Tylenol for headache.  Upon reassessment patient reported decreased lightheadedness and headache now 9/10.  Vital signs rechecked and blood pressure was elevated, other vital signs stable.  Due to symptoms still being present advised further evaluation and assessment in ED.  Patient was subsequently seen there and given IV fluids and Reglan and Nephrology was consulted due to his blood pressure.  Examination remained unchanged from initial exam when first assessed after vaccination."
"Patient received flu vaccine at clinic. Within 10 minutes came back to injection room and her left arm was swollen, red and hot to touch. While examing patient she was clearing her throat several times. When questioned further she also stated that her throat felt """"like it was closing up."""" Patient was immediately taken to our observation room and given epinephrine in LLT. She was also given 50 mg Benadryl. She was monitored in clinic for an hour with some improvement of symptoms however at around 12:45 pm she said she was having a burning sensation in her chest and she was having abdominal cramping. Patient also was continuously clearing her throat and said """"it felt like something is caught in my throat."""" PA came back down to observation area to see patient. Patient was given another 0.3 mg dose of epi. She was transported to ED by medics."""""
"PT COMPLAINED OF INCREASED HEART RATE, THROBBING IN THE EARS, CLINCHING PAIN IN HER TEETH, AND BACK PAIN/STIFFNESS. PT SHOWED REDDENING OF THE CHEST AND NECK AREAS. PT WAS GIVEN 2 TEASPOONFULS OF DIPHENHYDRAMINE. TOOK BLOOD PRESSURE AND IT WAS 165/99 (SITTING POSITION) WITH A HEART RATE OF 100 BPM. PT DID NOT WANT TO CALL AN AMBULANCE. SHE SAT FOR APPROXIMATELY 10 MINUTES. SHE STOOD UP AND REDDENING SUBSIDED."
"INJECTION SITE (LEFT DELTOID) PAINFUL KNOT THE SIZE OF A HALF DOLLAR. WAS WARM TO TOUCH. STAYED SAME FOR 1 WEEK, THEN GOT SMALLER. PRESENTLY CAN FEEL KNOT TO BE 1 INCH BY 1/2INCH WIDE."
"I woke up extremely nauseous, whole body ached, severe head ache, vomiting, later progressed into fever at 1200. I had chills and muscle pain. Friend who received flu shot with me also experienced the same symptoms. I called the health clinic and talked to the NP, she told me that there was nothing she could do and I just had to wait it out."
"Arm was swollen, painful, feverish, rash like in a 5 inch radius circle.  Patient put ice on red area, and took ibuprofen, Benadryl and hydroxyzine.  As of 9/30/15, red, painful, swollen area is decreasing in size and discomfort."
"Fever (101F), headache, and body aches for about 36 hours."
Swelling of lips and face.
"Trouble Breathing, Cough, Chest Congestion. 24 hours later: 09/29/2015 9:00 pm: Fever (101.1), Headache, Body Aches, Feeling all over sick - I guess Malaise."
My breastfed son feed at 9pm. Woke up around 315a throwing up and a fever of 99.6. Tried to give ibuprofen for fever reduction but emesis occurred immediately afterwards. Provided cool compress to forehead and neck areas until he went to sleep.
"I began feeling a little nauseous right after getting the injection. Over the course of the last 12 hours I've had increasing nausea and digestive problems. I feel fatigued, cold, and sore all over my body. The injection site is particularly painful. I've had a headache since shortly after receiving the shot and I still have it. I feel like vomiting."
Severe pain in right shoulder (same side as injection) with certain movements; Limited mobility without inducing extreme pain. Any minimal movement while sleeping woke me up. This just happened within 24hr of reporting so it is unknown as yet what the outcome will be.
"2 days after Fluzone HD, pt woke with mild redness 5-6 inches in diameter around injection spot.  It is slightly itch, but not sore or warm to touch.  He has no fever. He took a Zyrtec that morning and applied hydrocortisone cream."
"Hives, called HD nurse. Mother took baby to ER. Benadryl given and prescribed for 24 hours at home."
"Per grandfather pt. woke up with the left arm vaccine area, red and swollen."
"Hands hurting and itching severely, like a burning, deep itch that could not be scratched and not helped with lotion. Also, skin on tips of fingers were wrinkly like I soaked in a tub, but I didn't. Hands also burning, tingling especially fingers. I have never felt such a thing before."
"Fever and chills at 9pm, at 2am 01Oct2015 walked to bathroom to urinate and passed out collapsing to floor, passed out again two minutes later returning to bed, in both cases regained consciousness immediately, in second case began to perspire freely immediately afterwards, slept until 7am and woke with no fever, sweats, or other problems."
Throat pain/cramping and difficulty swallowing; sore eyes and very bloodshot and swollen and pus filled; headachey; sleepless. Took 2 Benadryl at advice of pharmacist and doctor 12:30 on 10/01/2015.
"Dizzy, light headedness, nausea, fatigue."
"Husband called this morning 9:38am. Reports pt has Right arm swelling, weakness, limited ROM, Nausea, blacked out. Treatment -rest. Spoke to pt at 10am, pt reports feeling better, denies any SOB, some nausea and swelling. Instructed to go to urgent care but pt did not go. Pt was instructed to come in this afternoon to see Dr., 10/1/15, at 2PM. Pt was advised to take Benadryl 25mg as needed but hold until she sees Dr. for evaluation."
"Patient awakened about midnight with nausea. She took a tums and went to bed. This morning when she woke up she had diarrhea, abdominal cramps, nausea but no vomiting. Muffled hearing. Her whole body went numb and she felt like she had heart burn. They symptoms lasted about 5 minutes. The symptoms have resolved except for the heartburn and chills with waves of mild nausea."
Patient called on 9/30/2015 and stated that she had a rash on her neck and nothing had changed in past couple of days other than getting a flu shot. No reaction at injection site.
"Immunization: FLUZONE and PNEUMOVAX at 4:31 pm 9/24/15 at 10 pm (9/24/15) pt start had sore then fever. Fever increased 102.4 on Sat 9/26. Patient took ADVIL 3 Q 6 hours, and APAP fever down to 98.2 on Sunday 9/27."
Swelling at injection site upper left deltoid area excess of 24 hours pain on touch.
"This spontaneous report has been received from a female patient of unknown age, who was reporting on herself. The patient had no pertinent medical history. The patient's concurrent conditions included multiple unspecified allergies to unspecified pain medications (she could take only TYLENOL). In 2012 (reported as """"3 years ago""""), the patient was vaccinated with an unspecified pneumococcal vaccine and she was advised that an updated version of the pneumococcal vaccine was required. On 28-SEP-2015 at 12:00, the patient was vaccinated intramuscularly in the arm with an unknown dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 (lot# and expiry date were not reported). Concomitant therapies included influenza virus vaccine (unspecified), also administered on 28-SEP-2015 at 12:00, in the other arm, and TYLENOL, which the patient took as premedication thirty minutes before and post vaccination. On 28-SEP-2015 at 18:00, 6 hours after vaccination, the patient experienced swelling and burning of her fingers and her shoulder started hurting. She took another TYLENOL, but it did not work. On 28-SEP-2015 at 20:00, 8 hours after vaccination, the patient was not able to move her arm. She tried using a cold pack on her arm, which helped, but her hand was still swollen. In the night of 28-SEP-2015, she did not sleep well, and """"could not move in bed"""". She also used alternating """"cold water bottles and hot"""", but only slept for 2 hours. On 29-SEP-2015, when she woke up, she could only feel the first bend on her fingers, and her hand was still swollen and sore. On 29-SEP-2015 at 14:00, 26 hours post vaccination, she can lift her arm, but it was still sore, """"but getting better"""". The patient did not seek medical attention, because she considered that the physician would tell her to go to the emergency room and she did not want to pay so much money, because her arm seemed to be getting better. No lab diagnostics studies were performed. The patient reported that inability to move her arm lasted for 24 hours (resolved on approximately 29-SEP-2015 at 20:00). At the time of report, the patient was recovering from the events of swelling and burning of her fingers, hurting shoulder, sleeping unwell, movement disorder, sleep decreased, hypoaesthesia of fingers, hand swollen and sore. The relatedness between the events and PNEUMOVAX 23 was not reported. Additional information is not expected as no contact details were provided and the reporter did not wish contact the physician."""""
"Pt received flu shot on 9/18/15 with no side effects. On 9/28 he complained of weakness and chills. Says he has never experienced this before. No fever, no sweats. Called pharmacy 9/30 4:20 PM."
"Fever, feet swelling, and rash (erythema multiforme-like). Flu shot given 9/22/15, symptoms started 9/23/15."
"Gave vaccine at 10 AM. By 3 PM symptoms (muscle weakness and tingling in hands) started. Pt. wife called me, I referred to ER to r/o Guillain Barre. ER physician didn't think it was G-B."
"Lt arm red swollen, itching shoulder to elbow. welt swelling 9/26/15 the symptoms started."
"Patient called 9-21-15 and said received shot FLUZONE HD 9-20-15 woke up feeling achy and weak all over, flu-like symptoms. Felt like going to faint in shower. She said she did not feel well the night of 9-20-15 either and woke up worse."
"Six hours after administration, site became swollen and two small hives 70mm x 60mm developed which after 30 minutes joined swelling."
"Heart racing, itchy and hot feeling on throat trouble swallowing. Chest pain when taking a deep breath, body rash."
"Erythema shoulder to elbow, hot to touch, nausea, malaise x2 days."
Pt recieved Fluzone HD immunization on 09/22/15. Pt returned on 9/28/15 complaining of soreness and quarter sized bruise at injection site. Pt did bleed upon injection and sterile gauze was held in place for 30 seconds and then covered with band-aid.
Left arm swelling and redness all around arm.  Warm to touch.  Very sore.
Itchy and red at injection site.
"Scalp and left shoulder infection site red, hot, burning, itching. Throat sore burning, headache same evening. Next day sneezing, runny nose, body ache. Lasting still today, 10/01/2015. Out of work on sick leave."
headache and sever nausea
"Red, swollen, knot at site of injection. Patien took Benadryl, ibuprofen. Patient saw physician and now ok."
"Pt c/o red crusty eyes and a """"funny feeling"""" in her throat."""""
"Extreme fatigue, followed by ear pain in right ear on 09/22/2015 in the afternoon. On 09/26/2016 loss of taste in early evening. On 09/27/2015 facial paralysis by PM diagnosed as Bell's Palsy. Treatment is Valtrex and prednisone."
"Enlarge lymph node in axillary area of left arm, red streaks around injection site. Lymph nodes swollen and tender to touch."
"Developed large amount of swelling, itchiness, redness, and erythema Kw/in 5 minutes of injection. 2 1/2 hours stated she felt short of breath and lightheaded, even after she took 2 tabs of BENADRYL 15 min. after her injection when she felt her arm swell. (Swelling had decreased). Went to E.D."
"3-4 hours post shot=chills, shivering uncontrollable dizziness mild nausea-went to bed. No appetite only H2O. Now: OK relieved."
"The evening that the patient received the injection of Fluzone HD, she developed swelling and pain in the shoulder that received the injection. The pain and swelling has remained constant until this was reported to us on 10/1/15 at approx. 415pm.  She is taking anti-inflammatories and is going to speak to her physician if necessary."
"Severe pain and continued swelling at the injection site. Worsening pain and swelling on day 2, with a 4"""" swelling and pain radiating into the neck and shoulder."""""
"Six inch wide red slightly swollen area at injection site, warm to the touch, did not appear until several days after injection."
Patient has red inflamed patch around the site of injection.  She says it is hot to the touch.  It measures 3.5 inches by 2.5 inches.
"The customer came to the pharmacy and showed me her arm where the immuniztion was given, it was swollen and red and hot to the touch. She had been using ice on it. She did not have any issues moving her arm. After the 3rd contact, I called her doctor, and she went to see her doctor. The doctor prescribed antibiotics."
"Red bumps resembling bites on both arms, worse on arm that was not used for vaccine administration."
"Head ache, muscle aches, very sore at site of injection, chills and fever, redness and soreness at arm pit opposite injection site."
"As a staff RN, I received a yearly flu vaccine through occupational health during one of my nightshifts. Approx 15-20 minutes after receiving the vaccine, I began having itching, redness and hives to my upper arms, neck, upper back, chest, and face. Symptoms continued for a couple of hours and eventually resolved after a second dose of 25mg Benadryl by mouth (total of 50mg)."
Patient is getting severe pain in the shoulder/arm where the injection was given. Patient is having difficulty moving/lifting the arm.
Swelling and injection site reaction.
"Hives, face swelling, tongue swelling, itchy throat."
Back shoulder pain.
Pt experienced head (temples) and inner ear throbbing/pulsating without pain. Pt had symptoms starting Saturday and reported it Thursday as sx continued.
"Trouble breathing, tight throat, swollen eyes, fever, headache, fatigue."
Large red welt at vaccination site with skin hot to the touch and pain.  Welt is the size of a half-day coin.
Broke out in hives over entire face..also has fever but medicated with Tylenol.
High fever (103.7); Body aches; Swollen knees; Headache
"Self report by patient of anxiety, chest tightness/pain. Follow up appointment offered to patient but refused. Patient was not seen in our office post vaccine administration."
"Fever to 101 F, feels achy all over."
Lip swelling resolved after a few hours.
"No issue on day of immunization. Patient returned to pharmacy 3 days post and complained of (L) arm nerve pain, numbness and tingling down arm will follow up 9/29/15."
5 min. after vaccines administered mom came out of room and stated child had a rash. Face blotchy and red. (R) arm sl. swollen and red. Blotchiness spread a little to trunk/arm.
Tingling in right pinky and ring finger.
"Have a small fluid filled blister half an inch from injection site, some redness around site.  Don't think its from the band-aid because no usual rash associated with adhesive sensitivity.  Arm still sore.  Not seeking treatment at this time."
"Pt loss muscle control in legs, legs went weak and fell onto bed. Wife reports they had had CT scans to rule out TIA and are waiting on results from muscle and nerve tests."
"Patient complained of itchy rash on right arm, very pruritic.  Patient tried hydrocortisone cream.  Saw NP in office on 9/29/2015.  NP suggested a cold pack/ aloe and to contact us if the injection site becomes develops signs of infection such as drainage, pain, increase redness."
"Severe rigors, fever to 100.2, went to ER and required oxygen briefly for desaturation and shortness of breath."
"I have had a flu shot every year since I was a child. Upon getting this years shot I started to feel ill. I also had severe am pain. Two days later I am sick in bed with a cough, stuffy nose and no energy to lift myself up for more than a few minutes. I also have the worst arm pain of my life. It has not gotten better but worse. I cannot sleep or even wear a shirt with a sleeve because it hurts so much when it touches anything.  I have never had this happen before. I am in extreme pain."
"Client called clerk on 9/27/15 c/o of Rt arm hurting and swollen from flu shot. Today 10-1-15 called stating arm is bruised at site (RA), barely moving rt arm without assistance. C/O of pain in rt arm and shoulder area. Applied ice to arm today for several minutes."
"Muscle Tightness, Limited range of motion, difficulty sleeping."
"Headache, Dizziness, Brain Fog, Vertigo like symptoms. Shortness of breath."
"Dizzy, lightheaded, nausea, emesis, smothering sensation, warm sensation over entire body, chills and decrease blood pressure."
"Swelling radiating down arm away from injection site, warmth on touch, slight itching."
Pt. c/o throat tightness.
"Patient complained of soreness and pain in her arm. Her fingers were little bit numb after the shot per patient. We were notified of this on 10/2/14, and the shot was administered on 8/31/15. Called doctor and doctor's office will follow up with patient."
"Red, swollen, painful, itchy. I recommended ice and BENADRYL. Pt went to walk in and saw Dr and she recommended the same, if not better they want her to go to hospital."
"Severe headache, malaise, flushing or low grade fever, disorientation. Slept 10.5 hours the night of 9/30 and felt relatively normal the next day."
"Chills, then it went on to vomiting, chills, 104 fever, very ill, weak, diarrhea."
Severe pain after receiving a flu vaccine which has gotten worse since the event. Patient has seen a doctor over the issue who recommends she receive an MRI.
"Got allergy after the flu shots, it pains and 99 degrees F temperature."
The day after receive the vaccines I could not lift my left arm for 3 days because of the pain. I sought no medical attention. Although the pain is almost gone it's been over a month! Previously I've had many flu shots 2 pneumonia with no effects at all.
"Patient received vaccine at approximately 11:00 am. Patient returned to pharmacy at app. 4:00 pm complaining of arm swelling. Arm was swollen, non tender, and felt hard. Patient did not reported pain."
Migraine headaches.
Arm woke patient up and was very painful. Proceeded to be painful for a week after. Patient reports having to wear a sling for arm. Advil helps a little bit. Patient is trying to get in to see her doctor. Patient also says that neck is starting to hurt as well.
"Throat felt like it was closing and difficult breathing, and soreness to the body.  I went to the doctor 2 days later and told him about my reaction to the shot and he told me to report it."
"Chills, low grade fever, body aches, headache behind eyes, weakness, fatigue, tiredness. This lasted an entire week. I was bedridden one full day on 9/29/2015 and a partial day on 9/28/2015. On 09/30/2015 I resumed normal activities."
"Approximately 20 minute episode of shaky, """"wobbly"""" legs, to the point of having difficulty standing. Subsequent urinary incontinence.  Stated that she """"could not stop"""" peeing.  She is potty trained, and has had no accidents in 6+ months.  Leg shakiness and weakness resolved within an hour but she said they still felt funny/achy.  Bladder control problems continued through the evening but resolved by next day.  Reported to doctor's office who advised to monitor and call back if any other developments."""""
"Bleeding at injection site and hematoma the size of approx. 6mm.  Patient returned 10/02/2015 and had a bruise at injection site, swelling and redness approx 2-3 inches around injection site.  Patient has applied a cold pack and Pharmacist recomended chlorphineramine.  Patient was advised to watch for any worsening of symptoms and seek medical attention if needed."
"Itchy rash, returned to clinic after 3 days of itchy rash on arms and legs. Not typical hives."
"Approximately 4 hours after injection.  All over body ached.  Fever, Loss of appetite, Wanted to just sleep.  No treatment.  Went home from work, didn't work the next day and only 1/2 day after that."
"Large bruise developed on arm, below injection site."
"Large painful lump, along with severe bruising, at the injection site.  Still have these symptoms three weeks later."
"Reddened areas around neck and upper torso, and back with generalized itching."
"Rash, generalized itching."
"Woke up, got out of bed and was very dizzy.  Reported symptom to clinic nurse who informed her this was a serious side effect of flu vaccine.  Patient/employee contacted Employee Health Nurse who asked clinic nurse to check BP which was WNL.  Instructed by Employee Health Nurse to hydrate well today.  Dizziness has lessened as day has progressed."
"Aching, fever, chills, tingling in fingers and hands, rash on trunk, difficulty taking a deep breath."
"Pt stated arm was sore for 3-4 days post-injection.  After 3rd day she looked at her arm and noticed redness, 2 days later she called pharmacy since it was still red, then she came back to rx the following day."
"Laid down due to fever and started having palpations and feeling my heart beat irregular. Then 10/2/2015 arm is very swollen and welped and warm to the touch and very sensitive. Still having palpitations and having a little discomfort in my sternum area, but its tolerable. Definitely second guessing getting the shot."
"Patient had pain in the same arm.  She had a knot in the muscle in her forearm, and she has numbness in her hand and fingers."
Initially just hives on left cheek after waking from nap.  Hot skin in area of flu shot injection. Motrin administered. Over next hour hives slowly started spreading to other parts of body as itching sensation increased. Administer Zyrtec while waiting on Dr call back at 07:02 pm.
Chills all evening through the night.
Patient has been in pain every since the shot.  He alleges that the shot was given too high.
Severe arm pain and muscle weakness.
Injection felt solid going into my arm. Pretty intense pain was immediate and came with the needle not the serum its self. Within 3 seconds of injection I started to feel faint. Seeing the room darken with colored spots and slight loss of hearing had to lay on the floor of the hospital until the symptoms passed probably around 10 minutes. Continuous pain in the joint now for over 24 hours and has not diminished. Little to no Muscle pain associated with the shot.
Headache and nausea started around 2:00 PM on 10/2/15 through today. Fast heart rate around 6:15 PM on 10/02/15. Pain in right shoulder started around 2:00PM on 10/2/15 through today.
Pain and redness at injection site and feeling of tiredness. Patient presented back to pharmacy at 10:00AM on 10/03/2015. Patient taking anti-inflammatory. Instructed to apply cold pack or ice to area of inflammation and continue taking anti-inflammatory. Instructed patient to follow up with primary care doctor if no change by Monday and to call 911 if shortness of breath or mouth or tongue swelling occur.
"Headache, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, chills, extreme tiredness, sore arm."
Severe headache. While brushing teeth day before notice had problem rinse. But quickly noticed that I could not se the left side of face. Tried to whistle and smile was only on one side. Thought I had a mild stroke. Went immediately for medical help.
"Extreme fatigue at first, then fever, chills, body aches, skin sensitivity, headache, some nausea. Lasted about 40 hours."
Patient reports her muscle was very sore.  So sore she couldn't use her arm for two days.  She says it is improving every day.
"Sore arm, achy all over, fatigue, weakness, no energy, lack of appetite, most lasted about three weeks, I thought I had the flu.  Then I got the diarrhea for about four days with blood in my stool.  I thought it was something I ate."
My elbows started itching then hives covered my body very quickly.  Swollen red hives all over.
Swelling of right side of face. Right eye swollen shut. Throat swelling. Difficulty breathing.
"Headache and weakness started within an hour. By midnight I had the chills and was shaking so bad it felt like a seizure, pressure in head increased, nausea and vomiting, very achy joints. Took Tylenol."
"Patient reports that about an hour and a half after receiving his flu vaccination, he started to develop a headache and bilateral eye itching, swelling, burning and redness. Patient also states that he started to have itching and redness on his neck. Patient denied any respiratory symptoms. Patient's first set of vitals was obtained at approximately 08:45; his BP was 132/80 and HR was 79 BPM. Per doctor's orders, 50 mg/ML of Diphenhydramine (Lot # 4296463, Exp: Oct 2016) was administered IM in the R arm at 0900 to the patient. Vital signs were re-assessed at 09:14; BP was 118/78, HR was 75 BPM and 02 was 96%. Patient was taken to the urgent care per doctor's recommendation at approximately 09:30 for further follow-up."
Swelling and redness below area of injection.
"1. The injection point was like a bee sting 2. The area from the point of injection towards the bicep of the left arm was red with size of a grapefruit. 3. The area was extremely warm to touch. 4. Developed a fever. 5. Felt fluish and fatigued. 6. Had diarrhea on Friday 10/2/2015. 7. On Friday fever went away but still felt sluggish. 8. The red area on my left arm was still sore, red like a rash and size of a grapefuit. Felt hot to touch and was still sore at point of injection similar to a bee sting. Saturday 10/3/2015. 9. Fever is gone, diarrhea is gone, fatigue feeling is gone. However, the area on the left arm is still extremely warm to touch and sore and still reddish and the size of grapefruit."
"Body rash, muscle ache, fever."
"Injection site redness and swelling, """"hot and itching about 4 inches"""" no treatment by patient, receding by 4 days, self-limiting."""""
"Several hours after the vaccine was administered, patient experienced hives all over his torso. Reaction was mild and self-limiting. Patient was monitored during first 15 minutes after vaccine administration, but no signs/symptoms of allergic reaction occurred during that time. No other adverse effects occurred besides the hives. Patient had received flu vaccine in the past, but it was several years ago. No previous reactions to the flu vaccine or any other vaccines."
"Sore throat, cough, watery eyes, body aches, sinus congestion, sinus pressure, fatigue. Treated with Azelastine nasal spray, Nasacort, Allegra, Benadryl with no improvement of symptoms. 10/3/2015 started Medrol pack. Symptoms improving as of 10/3/2015."
"Itching, swelling, redness and hives at injection site."
"Fever, chills, nausea, headache, neck and back pain, muscle aches."
"Just a few hours after receiving the flu shot in my left arm, it began to ache. I noticed by that evening it was very sore from the shoulder all the way down to the elbow. It became difficult for me to cross my arm across to the right side of my body and raise it above my head. When I did try to move my arm in this way, a sharp pain ran from my shoulder to my elbow. It has gotten worse since that initial day and I am now plagued with sharp pains, muscle weakness, tingling in my fingers and a throbbing pain all day, everyday. It also aches all night! I have difficulty sleeping because my left arm hurts to sleep on and hurts terribly to move! It has been 3 weeks now and I have seen a chiropractor twice thinking that might ease the pain. I have also tried sleeping with a heating pad on my shoulder (on the injection site) but that seems to make it worse. I am finding no relief at this point! I have a doctor appointment on Monday, October 5, 2015 to see if they can help me or have any suggestions/solutions."
Shooting pain/tingling in right arm where shot was given. Trouble breathing. Went to ER and given breathing treatment.
Arm got gradually more sore and upper arm swelled and was bruised.
"Patient presents to pharmacy with complaint of rash where Prevnar 13 immunization was administered. Rash is not itchy, but is red and warm to the touch. Rash is approximately palm-sized. I advise the patient to take Benadryl tablets to help stop the allergic reaction and to seek immediate medical attention if she experiences trouble breathing or facial swelling."
"Had severe upper back pain on left side. Was not even able to turn other side during sleep or not even able to walk still. Took Tylenol, kept ice, put ice patch but pain still keeps persisting. Didn't have any back pain before the flu shot. Next day morning around 6 am had a vomiting sensation with so much sweat and throat was also not good. But I had so much pain in my upper left hand when flu shot was being given and may be it trigerred an upper back pain on left side."
"Arm red, swollen and warm to the touch extending out from vaccination site."
"Generalized body aches, trouble sleeping, stomach ache."
"The flu vaccine was short on his left arm, now his left hand pinky (baby) finger has a little force when it is pulled, the right hand one is fine."
"Redness, swelling and warm to touch at injection site."
"Fever, mouth itch, throat closed, sweaty, dizzy, swelling at injection site."
Lower back pain/stiffness.  Hurt most when sitting.  Standing and walking did not hurt.  The pain lasted about 12 hours. Took 2 tablets of naproxen sodium upon onset of pain.
"Hives, nausea, severe headache, chest pain. Took ATARAX to stop hives."
"Localise pain, erythema, itching, heaviness in the affected left arm."
"Tongue felt funny-tingly, funny taste, felt thick observed and given BENADRYL 35 mg po symptoms improved after 20 min hard to work."
"September 25, 2015 11:20 AM patient received FLUZONE HD vaccine experienced heart palpitations shortly after received shot."
Patient develop bursitis three days after received the vaccine on 9/25/15.
"Developed a rash 2 inches in size on left arm where PREVNAR was given. Rash felt hot and was swollen. Per patient, using cold compress and ibuprofen. Checkin in 12 hours and hotness and swelling has gone. Getting better. Stil has a rash."
Severe dizziness. Dry heaves. Cold sweats. Lasting about 3 hours.
Rash around injection site with a few blisters.
"Rash and hives-on 9/30 late morning after vaccination. Patient applied BENADRYL cream at home, counseled to take oral but patient did not."
Rt lower face swelling-no pain. No redness occurred 8 hrs after vaccine.
"12:25 shot. 12:30 took TYLENOL (500mg, given). 1:15 a little before arm pain. By at 1:00 severe pain in arm. 1:00=took TYLENOL (800mg, given). By at 2 unbearable pain in arm and got shooting pains down arm right hand became tingling and numb. 2:30-took TYLENOL extra strength. At 2:50pm-pain in arm still severe, shooting pains going down my arm, hand still tingly/numb. 2:51-took 1 TYLENOL Extra Strength unable to use keyboard, pen. 4:40pm dizziness began. 8:00pm called parents to come pick up (I had drove). By 8:15pm so dizzy could hardly stand, thought processes affected went to ER. Note dizziness/vertigo started at 4:40pm 9/28, 24 hours later not dizzy."
"Local reaction, redness at site low grade temp x 1 day to use ice, BENADRYL, TYLENOL."
"Left arm warm, mild swelling and redness along left inner upper arm and going down left inner lower arm. No signs of infection/fever. Able to use arm."
"Admin PREVNAR (9/21) on Wed (9/23) admitted to hospital with high fever, chills, weakness, decreased appetite, then after rash, soreness, redness followed."
Itching and red spots at injection site. Redness is getting bigger. This was reported 6 days after injection.
No symptoms.
"Patient experienced COPD exacerbation beginning two hours post vaccine dose. Symptoms were fever, shortness of breath, wheezing, chills, lethargy. Eval. at PCP office revealed decreased O2 sat of 89%; wheezing and crackles bilat. lungs. Treated with steroids, antibiotic, inhaled resp. meds. Expected to recover fully."
"Pt states on Thursday evening she noticed right deltoid was tender to the touch with a lump. Pt states she tried to squeeze the lump to see if something would come out but nothing did. Pt states the site became warm to the touch on Saturday with """"nerve"""" pain going down to elbow."""""
"07/10/2015 radiologists MRI Cervical Spine [C-4 C-5 very mild bulging discs and osteophyte still does not correlate to arm severe arm weakness and growing paralysis. 07/10/2015 Dr Arm is growing more painful and increasing muscle atrophy and paralysis of motion. Reads shoulder MRI prescribes PERCOCET/orders MRI of neck. 07/08/2015 physical therapy PT. 07/06/2015 physical therapy PT. 07/02/2015 physical therapy PT. 07/01/2015 physical therapy PT. 06/27/2015 chiro adjustment no change. 06/26/2015 Physical therapy PT; 06/24/2015 physical therapy PT. 06/29/2015 Physical therapy PT. 06/17/2015 Physical therapy PT. 06/17/2015 radiologists MRI or right shoulder [mild tendonitis/insignificant cysts) Findings in report did not correlate to severity of symptoms. 06/16/2015 Chiro adjustment no change requested MRI right shoulder. 06/15/2015 Physical therapy PT. 06/13/2015 Dr 4 weeks physical therapy/continue ALEVE. 06/08/2015 Surgical specialty Xray again showed no significant injury. 06/08/2015 Dr ortho consult prescribed prednisone med pac and ALEVE. 06/07/2015 xray [did not show structural damage/prescribed naproxen 500 mg. 06/08/2015 chiro adjustment no relief. 06/04/2015 home Onset of severe arm pain beginning in elbow and working down to fingers and up to shoulder, scapula and neck. May/June '15 coach arm was progressively weakening and more painful with activity. Initially attributed to over use. March/April '15 coach arm was progressively weakening and more painful with activity. Initially attributed to over use. 1/9/2015 clinic Flu shot in right deltoid Sanofi FLUZONE Lot UI198AD Meningococcal in left deltoid Novartis MENVEO Lot M14082."
"One week later getting vaccine large (3 1/2 in) skin reaction - hot, raised, red, itching reaction - applied cool pack and applied triamcinolone ointment. Arm stayed red, hot to warm, itching for 5 days. Also I didn't make the connection at the time - about 3 days after the injection I felt really bad - even hot all day - never dreamed it could be the shot."
"Chills, fever, difficulty breathing, hospital tests in ER concludes beginning pneumonia."
"Swelling in her lymph nodes in Left axilla and cervical area, general malaise.  She states she can not do her job because her arm is sore."
"Right eye swelling, numbness R face."
Louder cry than usual - not high pitched. Very irritable. Fever up to 101.8.
"Extreme pain in joints (all) and all over muscle soreness. Started at 10:30pm on 9/27/15 and lasted until 3am on 9/28/15 teeth chattering, chills, sweating, urinating profusely."
"Acute onset rash a few hours after receiving MENVEO and quadrivalent flu vaccine. Rash on face and neck with urticaria, erythema, mild left cheek and periorbital edema, rash on neck fine papular. No rash at injection sites."
Pt received two vaccines on 9/24/15. The 2nd vaccine caused mild raised bruising within seconds of admin. Pt reported easy bruising and previous sensitivity. Pt's health was good upon leaving the site.
"Within a few hrs of immunization on 9/30, pt's arm began to itch. Became swollen and red. Next day-sought treatment. MD Rx'd hydroxyzine HCL. Also SMX/TMP on 10/2."
"On the vaccinated arm, between the elbow and deltoid-patient experienced a large red, warm to touch area followed by a bruise for over 1 week."
Allergic reaction on face.
"Injection site swollen, painful, red, and warm to touch. Child states it """"itches""""."""""
Patient complained of frozen limbs both legs and arms 2 to 3 hours after vaccination symptoms resolved completely after 24 hours pt has history of Sjogren's syndrome-autoimmune disease.
"3 hrs after shot I had the shakes, very cold, bloodshot eyes, low grade fever and sweating. Lasted all night. I fell asleep at 9:30."
"Fever > 102 degrees, shaking x 90 minutes. Body aches and pain - sxs started to present 12-24 hours after administration."
None stated.
Itchy rash with hives started approximately 8 hours after flu vaccination. Off/on over next 48-72 hours.
"Within 24 hours, redness, swelling and heart at site of administration. Muscle pain radiating up into neck area."
"First day, could bearly move my left arm (9-14-15) as of today (9-28-15) very painful and radiates from shoulder to and including my hand."
"Redness and swelling of (L) arm 2 days after vaccine, hives to face. Has had flu 6 x before and never reacted. Can tolerate baked eggs."
"Red rash around injection site. Next day - awoke throat tight and itching. Later morning face hot, flushed and prickling more difficulty swallowing."
"Soreness, """"nerve"""" pain, discomfort on side of injection - up neck and shoulder some nerve discomfort of face."""""
"Redness, itching, swelling around injection site plus or minus 4 inches around."
Headache within 20 min. Generalized aches. Felt terrible through out night. Follow-up 9/29 pt felt better symptoms resolved with 24 hours.
"Redness and visible bump at injection site, rash on left arm at the inner elbow on the right side of his neck. Sore throat."
Stiff neck.
Nauseous rash.
Flu-like symptoms -> vertigo -> ER visit.
10/2/15 at 8:15 AM employee presents to office with a 65 mm size erythemic area to flu injection site. States slight itching and soreness.
"Patient ws given GARDASIL injectio and almost immediately turned pale and mentioned she """"felt funny"""". Patient was assisted into a supine position. Approximately 5 minutes after injection, the patient's eyes rolled back, her hands and arms became rigid, her head turned to the side and she lost consciousness. The pt was unresponsive and appeared to be experiencing a tonic seizure for a period of 5-15 seconds."""""
Bruising at injection site. Red from rash/discoloration approximately 2 inches from injection site. Resembles rash or subdermal infiltration.
"Severe Headache, Dizziness, itchy, achy, felt like pins and needle were on her skin. Denies fever."
"101.9-degree fever, chills, and headache; fever continued for 24 hours and declined with periodic administration of Tylenol."
"Chills, aches and coughing.  Also sweating and queasy stomach. Recorded a temperature of 99.2 on Sunday, 10/04/2015.  Generally flu-like symptoms for 2.5 days."
"Within 2 minutes of vaccine administration patient had facial flushing with diaphoresis, paraesthesia of face and arms, leg weakness.  Treated with Benadryl, Solumedrol and Pepcid."
"Pain in entire arm - large, dark bruise that is still there 5 days later."
"3 hours after his shot - uncontrollable crying which continued for rest of night and hysterical trying to put him to bed. Slept in our bed- very unpeacefully all night (he has slept in own bed save a few occasions (around vaccinations) since birth). Friday- crying all morning - fever 102 started around 3pm - first vomit at 5pm, second multi projectile vomit at 7pm, uncontrollable crying all night. This same child has had multiple sicknesses (double ear infections, fevers, viral meningitis) and has never acted that way.   Sat morning- 3 hives appeared on legs, fever went away, loss of interest in normal food- no chicken anymore, texture issues.  Constipated Sunday- loss of interest in bottle- tough feeding bottle, tantrums- 4 in one day (compared about two his whole life) Monday, loss interest in bottle completely- must stimmy in order to drink.  Huge welt appeared on arm. 5 days later, diarrhea began and continued for 2 weeks (had testing for many types of stomach virus/bacteria which it wasn't). Relief seemed to come from an aggressive dosing of pro-biotics and removing all milk. In general he no longer wanted to be comforted- crying when trying to kiss him; crying in crib- used to stand up and lean in on me - now just sits there and cries- this continued for a couple weeks and while it's better he is still much more prone to aggression and impatience then he was prior to this."
"Acute Eczematous Reaction on Left Lower Leg, anterior; Left forearm; posterior neck.  Seen today, Oct 5, 2015 in the office and was prescribed Triamcinolone Acetonide 0.1% Cream, apply to affected area BID."
2 x 4 inch area red and painful to touch at injection site.
"Redness from elbow to top of shoulder, of right arm some itching."
Patient reported soreness and redness at injection site.
Patient was nauseous and lightheaded. After 15 minutes patient felt better and left pharmacy. Feels well. Next day - patient follow up - said she is well. Possible anxiety driven symptoms.
"Redness and swelling, itching with a few blisters on 3/4 of upper left arm - onset approximately 24 hrs after Flu vaccine and spreading down arm towards elbow - some relief at 24 hrs after BENADRYL 125mg PO Q 4 hrs and hydrocortisone cream."
"About 2 hours after vaccine administration, patient experienced a throbbing pain around the injection site that woke her up in the middle of the night for about 2 days. She took MOTRIN and ALEVE for pain. The throbbing subsided after 2 days but she now has pain in the shoulder joint (sharp pain when moves her arm certain ways). She has not seen her doctor yet but will make appt if pain persists after a few more days."
"Eczematous Rash Left Axilla, Intereior Left and Right Lower Legs, Posterior Left Knee."
PATIENT WAS GIVEN AN EXPIRED PREVNAR 13 VACCINE - NO ADVERSE REACTION.
"Bruising in arm, pain in arm, trouble sleeping due to pain in arm."
"Pain started in one arm and then slowly radiated across chest to the other arm, back, and shoulder."
"48 hours after vaccination, developed a 2 inch by 1 inch red, raised, warm area at injection site.  It was itchy.  She used topical and oral Benadryl.  Symptoms did not progress and were completely gone within 1 week."
"Extremely hot around injection site. Pain, swelling, redness. The swelling and redness expanded over the course of 7 days so that the entire upper arm was affected, then started to recede. Itchiness and soreness in the muscles and bones followed for the next 5 days. Currently, there is a patch about 4 inches long near the injection site where new, raised and itchy bumps have formed."
Patient came few days after she got a Fluzone High dose vaccine and said that She has itchiness on her face and she thinks it is because of vaccine. We are in touch with patient to see how is she doing.
Erythema and edema 2 inch center spread to aprox 5-6 inches.
"States arm got very sore to move, had limited range of motion.  She called Employee Health on 10/01/2015 and was still having pain and limited range of motion of left shoulder, pain and range of motion had improved but was still having problems.  She was seen at Occupational Health."
"Patient reported mild itching about 10 minutes after flu shot administration.  There were no signs of redness or swelling for the next 30 minutes.  Pt went home with daughter, I called her later that night (~5 hours later) and she said that the itching subsided and there was no itching.  For the past week, off and on she has had redness and warmth in the flu shot injection site.  A cold compress and APAP has helped.  No signs of infection and it site is improving all week."
"5 DAYS POST VACCINATION, PEA SIZED RED SPOT ON ARM. 7 DAYS POST VACCINATION, RED SPOT SIZE OF LEMON, TENDER TO TOUCH, NOT ITCHY, NOT PAINFUL WHEN RAISING ARM. REFERRED HER TO PHYSICIAN FOR FURTHER EVALUATION."
"PATIENT NOTICED RAISED RED LESION ON THE SITE OF VACCINATION, PATIENT FELT TIRED AND NAUSEOUS, CAME TO PHARMACY, WAS TOLD TO GO URGENT CARE WHERE SHE WAS GIVE KEFLEX 500MG 1 THREE TIMES A DAY FOR 10 DAYS."
"Projectile vomiting twice, once at 07:17 PM and again at 09:30 PM."
"10/02/2015- intense itch on both of my legs w/ hives and hashes and heat feeling. Relieved by Benadryl and a cool shower late in the evening 10/03/2015- Hives begin to reappear on both of my wrists around 5:00 pm and intensified by 8:00 pm all over my body hives and rashes and my feet had a very hot feeling. Benadryl offered some relieve. 10/04/2015 rashes still visible in some parts of my body by 1:00 pm spread all over the body and rashes reappear. Went to the emergency room around 4:00 pm and received prednisone & Pepcid and recommended to take Benadryl. Around 6:00 PM hives intensified and spread all over the body. Within an hour and a half  they begin to disappear. 10/5/2015 rashes and hives come and go with intense itching but not heat. Later in the afternoon hash, hives and itching very uncomfortable but less intense than the prior day, medication being used as prescribed by the ER doctor. Prednisone, pepcid and Benadryl.  10/06/2015 primary care doctor appointment schedule."
Vaginal bleeding in pregnancy.
"1 hour after shot:  low grade fever, chills, fatigue, headache, nausea, sore at injection point, ALL still happening 1 week later (10/06/2015)."
"ARM SWOLLEN. """"HURT ALL THE WAY UP TO MY NECK AND BACK TO MY SCAPULA."""" INJECTION SITE HARD AND RED, BUT IMPROVING."""""
Fast heartbeat.
"Had Flu Quadrivalent MDV .5 ml (L) upper arm on 10/3/15 - on day 3 after vaccine his (L) arm was swollen, itchy and warm to touch, mild redness of skin."
"Per patient received Flu shot 09/25/15, on Saturday """"midday"""" around lunchtime noticed redness and discomfort. States on Sunday reddened area became itchy but was less red, for which she took 01 BENADRYL. States had palpitations in addition. Came to clinic at 3:00pm for evaluation."""""
Patient received FLUZONE High Dose vaccine and PREVNAR #13 vaccine on 9-28-15 (Monday). On Friday her arm was swollen and a little bit itchy. Looks red and swollen today 10-5-15.
"Right sided facial and mouth numbness...felt like she received novacaine. Numbness lasted into the evening, slowly subsiding. Continues with slight numbness around the mouth this morning."
Patient states her physician states was administered too high on shoulder and damaged tendon.
"Patient injected 10-2-2015. Called today, said she is feeling better but had symptoms of chills, fever, nausea and temporary loss of mental alertness."
Pain and swelling at injection site. Tingling in jaw area.
"Intense Pain in Shoulder, swelling, loss of Range of motion on shoulder."
"Chills, sweats, joint pain, headache, nausea, reduced appetite."
"Tender red splotches and raised bumps all over both hands, mostly on fingers."
"Large, hot swollen knot at site of administration."
"Patient developed an exanthem to extremities, and abdomen 6 hours after influenza vaccine receipt. Lesions are flat, pruritis, erythematous and a paired 6x8 cm symmetric fixed patches to anterior medial thighs."
Pt describes symptoms of feeling faint for a day and half after receiving vaccination. Pt called 9/30/15. Followed up with pt 10/1/15 and she reported feeling better; no dizziness.
"Fatigue, loss of appetite, aches, fever, chills, vomiting and diarrhea, nausea, incontinence. Symptoms have lasted 8 days without improvement."
Localized redness and swelling to injection site approximately 7.5 cm x approximately 12 cm (R) deltoid.
"Pain, redness, swelling. The patient iced the injection site and took acetaminophen and is feeling better."
Redness and swelling at injection site. Rash on other sites of body. Chest tightness.
"Awoke to use bathroom and upon sitting up in bed experienced strong dizziness.  Walked to bathroom, but was unsteady on my feet.  Sat to urinate and began perspiring, accompanied by slight tingling (flushing?) sensation throughout body and mild nausea (did not vomit).  After several minutes, perspiring, tingling and nausea subsided and I returned to bed, however dizziness continued until I lay in bed for a while.  Slept OK, but in morning, dizziness returned when I moved and sat up.  When using bathroom, symptoms similar to those experience the night before returned, but were not as severe.  Remained up, doing minor activities, but dizziness persists, especially when I move my head or bend over.  Symptoms persist at the time of this report (10:00 AM the day after vaccine was administered)."
"Whole body soreness and muscle pains. Can barely walk, nausea."
None stated.
Received FLUZONE HD on 9/23/15 - called pharmacy 9/26/15 and stated had a local rash around injection site. It doesn't itch and seems to be getting smaller. Followed up w/ pt on 9/27 and rash has gotten much better - almost all resolved. Has been taking BENADRYL.
Edema and pain at injection site. Skin firmness.
"Red, """"bubbly"""" rash on same hand as PNEUMOVAX vaccine occurring about an hour after administration."""""
Rash appeared on left upper arm 5 days after vaccine administration.
Patient erceived PNEUMOVAX at 2:45 PM on 9/27/2015. Returned to pharmacy today 9/28/15 with redness and swelling (size of grapefruit) on left deltoid area.
Fever of 103 degrees -after receiving flu shot 24 hrs ago.
"Started ice and ibuprofen in afternoon by night time couldn't use left arm had extreme pain in lower back, neck and migraine. 800mg of ibuprofen every 6 hrs didn't relieve any pain for 5 days. Arm was extremely sore for 10 days. Unable to sleep due to pain."
Trouble swallowing - body aches - fever and chills - however didn't take temperature.
"Rec'd influenza vaccine to (L) deltoid at 1030am. Within 5 min, pain to (L) wrist. Within 15 min, radiating pain in forearm to fingertips. Pain in collar bone, (L) side of neck. Pain continues as of note, 3 hours after vaccination."
"Red blotchy rash on arms, stomach, buttocks and legs. Patient experienced chills but no fever."
Given Thurs. 10/1/15 8am. Fri at 2:30am had been fine broke out in hives dime size immediately after that she had an asthma attack immed. went to ER.
"Patient complained of feeling hot, sweaty, flushed, dizzy, headache within 5 minutes of receiving flu shot. Epinephrine 0.3ml SQ given as instructed per Dr. Symptoms resolved."
"Pt had requested HD vaccine. Nurse gave the regular quadrivalent vaccine by mistake. After consulting with the nursing supervisor, she administered the HD vaccine.  2 flu shots were given.  No immediate adverse effects occurred."
Nodule (round) lateral neck same side of vaccine. Didn't notice it before receiving the vaccine.
"Began as muscle soreness in right upper arm, limited mobility, constant sharp pain in upper shoulder, feels like shoulder is dislocated."
"Patient states arm was red and warm to touch at injection site. Per pharmacist's advice she took 25 mg Benadryl 2 hours after presenting to pharmacy. Benadryl helped the redness temporarily but arm was increasingly warm, itchy, and was developing a firm lump the next morning. Denies any systemic symptoms (fever, facial swelling, dyspnea). I advised her at that time to see her PCP, as she likely has a mild case of cellulitis. Advised patient to follow up with us so we know her status."
PT SAYS ARM ITCH AND RED AND SWOLLEN.
"Numbness of left arm and left side of face, shortness of breath, tachycardia, hypertensive. Patient presented to EC at 1300. Meds given include ASA, NTG, Ativan. Patient discharged from EC at 1625."
"Erythema, pruritis above injection site and swelling."
Right underarm felt swollen and tender.
3:00 PM Rash and blotchiness on chest with itchiness. Patient tongue feeling hot. 3:15 PM Patient tongue started swelling - 25 mg diphenhydramine given IM and sent to ER. Received 0.3 mg epinephrine IM in ER.
"Redness and blotchy spots at site of injection. Hives, and blotchy spots on the neck area. Looking flushed, and sweaty. Complaint of intense itching. Headache."
"Patient reported of chills, Headaches, sorethroat, pain on left deltoid, swollen with harden lump; no redness, no throbbing. Patient stated to call in sick, missed 1 day of work."
Shoulder pain with rotation becoming more severe as the night goes on.  Discussed with Ortho: recommends NSAIDS and ice.  Next day started Medrol dose pack to minimize shoulder inflammation and further injury.
"Flu like symptoms: chills, fever, aches, fatigue, nausea, loss of appetite."
"Dizziness, vertigo, and foggy head.  I was grocery shopping when I felt dizzy looking for items in the store.  I felt sick and had to return to the car and drive home. The symptoms continue days later."
"Patient complained of bodyache, fever, cough, muscle/joints pain, and flu like symptoms."
Sore throat; throat swelling; runny nose; nasal/sinus congestion; low grade fevers; headaches.
"Fever, body aches, nausea, headache."
Swelling. Hives.
"Upon giving FLUZONE vacc pt. began holding his breath, mom and myself tried triggering him to breathe. Pt began breathing and crying, then performed finger stick to check HgB, pt began holding breath again. Pt began turning blue, called out for help for either Dr or nurse practitioner, 911 was called, and pt was taken from office to ER via ambulance at 12:30pm."
"Patient called stating after vaccination her arm hurt, right leg around knee hurts too. She stated a can was needed to get around. Furthermore, head, groin, lower back also hurts. No swelling at injection site."
"Injection site of ZOSTAVAX given in the back of the left arm SQ is very red, warm and there is a hard lump (feels 100% fine other than her arm)."
Heart racing; body aches/chills; nauseated; sore arm.
Soreness/sensitivity overnight after receiving vaccine.
"Cellulitis like reaction around the injection site, fever."
"Pt's thigh swelled up after flu shot (tennis ball). Site was warm, red, tender x24 hours. Ice and topical antihistamine were applied. Low grade fever x24 hours. Resolved."
Patient got a rash that spread from injection site to wrist (right deltoid).
"Patient came in for 4 month f/u appt. Pt given flu vaccine at 09:30am during this appt. Pt kept in exam room for 15 min following vaccination to monitor for possible reaction. Pt went back to lab for bloodwork and started c/o red bumps on both lower forearms. Dr. observed and prescribed 125mg SOLU-MEDROL and 25mg BENADRYL. Immediately given in left deltoid. Pt became pale and diaphoretic. Blood sugar taken, was normal. Pt taken to exam room. Vitals and EKG obtained. 2L O2 administered via nasal cannula. BP and pulse low. 1mg epinephrine given. IV started with normal saline. EMS called. Pt's BP and pulse still no improvement. Another 1mg of epinephrine given. EMS arrived and patient transported to hospital."
"Patient called into work feeling ill, achy arm and mild temperature day after shot given."
"Not sure if connected or not but suddenly had pain in my left foot. So severe, could barely walk on it.  Only hurt when putting pressure on foot.  I received my shot in my left arm.  It is now approx. 20hrs later and it's going away.  I took Advil immediately and took more during the evening.  I didn't realize until I took a shower this morning and remove the bandaid on my left arm that the symptoms started after my flu shot.  It doesn't make sense but I did not step on anything or do anything that would make my foot so sore and now it's going away."
"Sudden nausea followed with throat swelling which restricted my airway. This lasted for approximately 3-5 minutes. Blood pressure elevated then dropped to 101/53. After a minutes rest in standing BP 99/68. Through out the day experienced fatugued, exhaustion. Around 2:00 PM body began shaking and my heart rate ranged from 103 beats per minute to 117 beats per minute. I was treated in the emergency room for an allergic reaction around 3:00 PM. Heart rate remained elevated ranging from 92-111 bpm through out the evening. I began experiencing back pain while in the Emergency Room and that went away around 4:00 AM the next morning. On 10-7-15 at 6:30 AM Heart Rate 77 bpm. I have a sore wind pipe, mild hoarseness, and chest feels sore."
"Patient came back the next day stating they had a itchy arm, felt like their chest was tight, and had redness at the site of injection."
"Injection site swelling, itching, hot to touch, hard."
"The symptoms that I experienced the day following the flu shot was a red rash/bruising on the arm where I received the flu shot from the shot site to my lower elbow.  The arm was hot to the touch and was slightly inflated.  I went to the emergency room the evening of October 1st, 2015 to have it treated in case it was a severe reaction. Since then, the arm has returned to normal."
"Patient was sitting on bench and fell over, but conscious.  Patient was given some sugar to take as patient is diabetic.  Patient recovered over 15 minutes and choose to walk out the store with family member."
"Broke out in hives covering face, chest and arms. Benadryl eased the symptoms."
"Chills, severe body aches, 103 degree fever over 12 hours, symptoms gradually diminishing over next 12."
"Red area softball-size. I instructed patient to apply ice, and take an ibuprofen."
"Running nose, red eyes, chills, cough, swollen face."
"Raw throat, coughing, headache, throat then started to get hard to swallow, face and neck turned all flush, eyes burned all over body ache, lips went numb."
Patient received vaccine on 9-28 around 4:30pm. Mother noticed rash on 9-29 around 6pm. Patient states that his arm was warm and painful. Mom states that it still has not started to go down.
"Body chills and shivering and cramping that wouldn't let up until I got in hot bath. Fever overnight 102.6¦-103¦ Nausea, headache and body ache, and a little vomiting. Fever finally breaking this morning."
Pain and soreness at shot site even after 10 days.
Patient experienced extreme nausea and lightheadness.  She developed severe vomiting.  She was escorted to the Emergency Room for stabilization.
"Initially felt scratchy throat.  By 4:10, throat started significantly swelling, hard to breathe, painful to swallow.  Drove to emergency room where was given epinephrine, Benadryl, prednisone, and Famotidine.  Observed for 4 1/2 hours then sent home with prescriptions of the above, including and EPI pen."
"Left arm swelling, redness from shoulder to about 2 inches from above elbow. No treatment needed."
Started to get cold with a stomach ache. Progressed to a mild fever (99) and naseua with vomiting throughout the night.
"Pain, burning and itching at injection site rash, swelling at site and adjacent to site."
Rash at injection site. Patient states that it seem to be subsiding.
Shoulder pain down arm.
"Arm swelling, pain, sensation of hardness, blisters, itch. Body aches and chills."
None stated.
"Rhinorrhea, sore throat, swelling lips/tongue."
"Extreme pain and moderate swelling of injection site. The following morning 10/6/15 I woke up with a quarter sized red and hot welp over injection site, pain and soreness continued that day. This morning 10/7/15 I woke up with a half dollar sized welp over injection site with minor pain upon palpation and continued moderate swelling and hot to the touch over injection site."
"Pt experienced Fever, headache, red swollen eyes, Shortness of Breath, chills = 3-4 hours after Prevnar administration."
"Fever (101.6), Nausea onset 10/5/2015."
"Redness and itching started 10/6/15. Now, c/o redness, pain, warmth itching. Reaction two fingers below (L) shoulder to about 2 fingers above elbow. Low grade fever at visit (99.2) cetirizine, clobetasol propionate, and prednisone prescribed."
"Shivering, hoarseness, chest tightness for about 12 hours. Took some BENADRYL and she thinks that might have helped."
Patient developed a few hives on face and torso. These probable hives resolved with BENADRYL being given.
"Cellulitis at site of injection. Redness, swelling, pain, itching. Right deltoid."
Rec'd flu shot. 9/22/15 in (L) arm-developed shooting pain later that day-feels like its getting worse-some restriction of motion.
"Nausea, soreness, itching, tenderness to the affected area, weakness."
"High fever (102.5); aches, pains; ibruprofen."
"Swelling, redness, warmth to the area and tenderness, fatigue."
Patient devolped severe bruising and sore arm around flu vaccine.
"Chills, muscle aches, a little dizzy."
"Patient stated that he has a pink area about 2 inches by 3 inches at the site of the injection. I advised him to seek medical attention if it worsens or does not improve in a day or two. At the time of the vaccination he stated he had not received Pneumovax before, but then yesterday or today realized that in fact he had received the vaccine in 2012 (and not Prevnar as he had indicated). Counseled patient to get Prevnar in 12 months."
"Started with rash, then vomited, very tired."
"Fever of 103F, mild rash on legs, back and little in front and neck. Give Tylenol and motrin for fever."
Itch and rash to upper torso and bilateral upper extremities.
"Hives right after the shot, dizziness and ringing in the ears started about 4 hours later."
"Patient was administered Prevnar in left arm where adverse event occurred. Patient also got Fluzone HD and Boostrix in his right arm, one inch apart."
"Chills, fatigue, headache, feeling feveris, ill,and weak; injection site swelling, stiffness and pain."
Quarter sized bumpy red rash over injection site and 2 inch wide red streak going down arm toward elbow. Urgent care physician put her on Keflex in case it was cellulitis but thought it was just an injection site rxn.
"Couldn't breathe; chills. Abated at 8:00 PM, violent vomiting began about 9:00 PM. Diarrhea began about 2:00 AM, stopped at 3:00 AM.  Vomiting began again about 2:30 AM."
"Chills, body ache, stomach ache, diarrhea, headache, vomiting, ears ringing.  Severe abdominal pain."
Patient states he was fine during the day then that evening developed swollen itchy eyes. Patient's eyes feel a little better this morniing. Took Benadryl.
"The shot burned when it went in and the injection site remained consistently sore thereafter. Within days, pain/burning sensation was persistent and shooting pain would occur when I tried moving my shoulder in different directions. Progressively getting worse at 2 weeks post injection and have limited range of motion in my left arm due to shoulder pain (Deltoid).  Difficult with everyday usage, strength impacted and sleep is difficult.  Going into Dr for an evaluation this week."
Pt stated she couldn't move (L) arm well or raise above head since flu vaccination 3 wks ago. Pt contacted PMD-was told to take ibuprofen which has helped sx improve.
Pt. described nerve discomfort on right hand involving 3 middle fingers. Pt. states feeling much better w/hand exercise with ball.
None stated.
None stated.
"10-3-15 101.5 temp, dizzy, rash on left deltoid, hot, firm, red at site of inject seen by Dr. 10-4-15 at 4 AM temp 103.8. No breathing problems. 10-5 low grade fever."
"Sudden Pain in neck. Thought it would go away next day but it did not. Took Advil, which didn't really help. Pain in left side, hurts to move. Shot administered on left side."
Patient said that she had no side effects after immunization. Started having a knot on arm and warmth radiating down it 13 days later.
"""Began a numb feeling in my right ear""""."""""
"INJECTION SITE BECAME RED, INFLAMED AND WAS PAINFUL."
"Extreme chills, fever, severe body aches, dizzy even when laying down, lightheaded when standing up. Skin hurt. Bones and muscles hurt. Not mild at all. All these things were very severed. Took Advil, waited it out."
"Burning in neck, hives, shortness of breath, chest spasms and pain, and projectile vomiting while urinating on myself. Chest x-ray, cardiac work up, labs, Solumedrol, Benadryl, Prednisone, Epipen given in case needed in future event."
"C/o vasovagal sx within 1 minute of vaccination: feeling hot, light headed and anxious. Instructed pt to put head between knees, applied cold pack to neck. Sx resolved within 3 minutes."
"I am copying from an email sent on 9/24/2015 to a local ID expert.  This describes adverse reactions for fall of 2014 and for this year: I have had problems with my left rotator cuff for maybe 5 years.   I take the flu vaccine every year û always had the shot, never the Flumist.  Prior to last year û no problems.  Last year, one of the nurses in the Primary Care Clinic gave me the flu shot û seemed a little high on the arm, hurt like **** going in, and then progressively worsened over about a week.  My shoulder developed impingement symptoms, and I had to see Dr. (got a steroid injection) and eventually had to have several PT sessions to get over this.  Dr's. question was ôWhy did you let someone give you a shot in your bad arm?ö and my response was ôWhy in the world would I let someone give me a shot in my good arm? I am accustomed to my left shoulder hurting.ö He told me to never ever take another shot in my left biceps.  I attributed last yearÆs episode to chronic inflammation in my rotator cuff which was flared up by the flu shot being given in the vicinity.  This year, I followed Dr's. advice and took my flu shot in my right arm û at last weekÆs Medical Staff meeting (9/17).  It was not impressively painful û no worse than any other year.  It was not given high in my arm û I noted where they gave it and would have said something if I thought they were aiming high. No problems û until Monday (9/21) evening when my shoulder started hurting.  Got worse through the night.  Took ibuprofen and probably would have taken a hydrocodone (left over from a root canal several months ago) except that I had to be at work at 6 AM and was afraid I would be in no shape to work due to drug effects.  Used an ice pack during the night to ease the pain.  I took ibuprofen and Tylenol Tuesday to manage the pain during the day and took a hydrocodone at bedtime.  Woke during the night with pretty severe pain but was afraid to take another hydrocodone.  Emailed my PT friend in Sports Medicine û made an appt for today (Dr. in OR yesterday and thus unavailable).  Took hydrocodone (two doses) and ibuprofen through the night.  I could not lift my arm this morning at all û significant impingement problems (this is my right shoulder, where I have had no injury and no previous problems with chronic pain).  I took a steroid injection today in my right shoulder, without an impressive response, so Dr. also gave me an IM Toradol injection.  The pain has dropped from about a 9/10 to maybe a 7/10 this evening, and I can lift my arm about 1/3 of the way up.  This yearÆs pain was much worse than what I recall it being last year, even though I have never had problems with my right shoulder before. This has been excruciating!  It appears to be a delayed inflammatory reaction to the flu vaccine and appears to have happened two years in a row. Note that I am a pediatrician."
Redness and inflamation of the injection site. No other signs or symptoms of allergic reaction.
"Fever, muscle aches, extremely sleepy. Symptoms lasted for about 48 hours."
Left arm redness and swelling at injection site.
"The 2nd day after the shingles shot, the injection area started to become very itchy, red and hot, not pain. Pt is allergic to thimerosal, flu shot spot is fine."
Patient complained of congestion (chest) site pain and bruising. Slight fever.
"Hives developed 10/2/2015. Worsened over weekend.  Reported to urgent care on 10/5/2015.  Given 98mg Decadron via buttocks.  Symptom relief lasted 12 hours.  Symptoms returned 10/3 acutely.  Required emergency assessment due to chest pain on 10/8.  Adminstered EKG, prednisone, Zyrtec and Zantac by ER physician.  No heart issues on EKG."
"Report of increase rash/redness to face around mouth and in brow area.  Feeling dizzy and flushed.  Report of others that he slurring his words, but did not seem to have slurred speech.  Somewhat flushed appearance.  No respiratory distress.  Moved to prison medical area.  Administered Benadryl and observed."
"Employees were to receive Fluzone, but received high-dose vaccine in error from occupational health nurse.  Occupational health nurse received incorrect product from inpatient pharmacy."
"Friday, Oct 2, approx 5:19pm, Occupational Health Manager received a call from Occupational Health nurse administering flu vaccine to employees at Hospital. OccHealth nurse stated she went to inpatient pharmacy and requested Fluzone preservative free influenza vaccine for Occupational (Employee) Health to administer to employees. Stated the pharmacy tech handed her the doses from a refrigerator without pharmacist checking before dispensed. After 4th dose administered, nurse noted on the box it was high dose influenza vaccine and returned them to pharmacy. States doses were administered between approximately 1:30pm-2:30pm, Oct 2. OccHealth Manager contacted pharmacy director, Clinical Occupational Health Director, and Occupational Health Medical Director of the incident between 6pm-7pm Oct 2. Employees were to receive Fluzone, but received high-dose vaccine in error from occupational health nurse.  Occupational health nurse received incorrect product from inpatient pharmacy."
Severe shivering/chills/aching/feverish.
"Employees were to receive Fluzone, but received high-dose vaccine in error from occupational health nurse.  Occupational health nurse received incorrect product from inpatient pharmacy.  Friday, Oct 2, approx 5:19pm, Occupational Health Manager received a call from Occupational Health nurse administering flu vaccine to employees at Hospital. OccHealth nurse stated she went to inpatient pharmacy and requested Fluzone preservative free influenza vaccine for Occupational(Employee) Health to administer to employees. Stated the pharmacy tech handed her the doses from a refrigerator without pharmacist checking before dispensed. After 4th dose adminsitered, nurse noted on the box it was high dose influenza vaccine and returned them to pharmacy. States doses were administered between approximately 1:30pm-2:30pm, Oct 2. OccHealth Manager contacted pharmacy director, Clinical Occupational Health Director, and Occupational Health Medical Director of the incident between 6pm-7pm Oct 2."
The following day pt developed a lg area of redness with itching and warmth. Mother gave pt. BENADRYL. Continuing to observe.
"Employees were to receive Fluzone, but received high-dose vaccine in error from occupational health nurse.  Occupational health nurse received incorrect product from inpatient pharmacy.  Friday, Oct 2, approx 5:19pm, Occupational Health Manager received a call from Occupational Health nurse administering flu vaccine to employees at Hospital. OccHealth nurse stated she went to inpatient pharmacy and requested Fluzone preservative free influenza vaccine for Occupational(Employee) Health to administer to employees. Stated the pharmacy tech handed her the doses from a refrigerator without pharmacist checking before dispensed. After 4th dose adminsitered, nurse noted on the box it was high dose influenza vaccine and returned them to pharmacy. States doses were administered between approximately 1:30pm-2:30pm, Oct 2. OccHealth Manager contacted pharmacy director, Clinical Occupational Health Director, and Occupational Health Medical Director of the incident between 6pm-7pm Oct 2."
Patient received PNEUMOVAX in his right arm and had swelling and pain after administration.
"Convulsions, totally shaking all night. Body soaked in sweat almost had to call 911."
Patient describes loss of function in left arm since PREVNAR vaccine; patient has trouble lifting arm and reaching.
Pt came in at 18:13 experiencing a red rash on his face. He stated he had the flu shot at 14:45 then at 15:20 he started feeling a rash on his face and itching. Pt came in and rash had spread to his chest. No other symptoms occurred.
"Red, 16x14in area at site of injection, fever to touch of area, swollen (Tdap)."
"SEVERE REACTION TO PATIENTS UPPER ARM WHERE SHOT WAS GIVEN.  RED, SWOLLEN, HOT TO TOUCH, TENDER, AND HARD TO MOVE SHOULDER."
"SEVERE NAUSEA FOR 48 HR, LACK OF APPETITE, LOW GRADE HEADACHE."
"Lethargy, malaise, generalized body aches."
"She got the flu shot on 10/5 at pharmacy. She has noted some firmness and tenderness to the site, it is much better today. If she showers and it warms up feels better. NO current redness heat or swelling per pt. No wheeze or SOB or rashes.   Plan: Mild reaction which is now improving daily. Continue heat and movement and use Tylenol prn pain. Will do immunization reaction paperwork. Close follow up and RTC if this does not resolve in 7 d."
"Area around injection site (Right Deltoid) started to swell, turn red and was warm to the touch.  Swelling subsided the next day but was still red and warm.  Area covered roughly 6 inches."
Rash on site of injection; swelling; headache; sore throat.
"Large circular red welt tender, hard and hot to touch. Lasted for 4 days."
"Shaking chills, severe frontal headache, severe neck pain, body aches.  Shaking chills lasted approx. 2 hrs. Headache still present next morning."
"Redness, swelling, heat at vaccination site, measuring 43 mm."
"Patient returned to pharmacy 10/5/15 with large baseball sized contusion at site of injection with second bruise the size of golf ball 3"""" distal. Complained of severe pain immediately upon injection. Received medical care and antibiotic from ARNP on 10/4/15."""""
Pt (R) thigh got urticarial lesion with pink surrounding skin quarter size w/i 5 min of vaccine.
"Patient received Flu vaccine in left upper arm on 10/6/15. She was seen in our office on 10/8/15 for pain, swelling, and redness extending from upper arm to elbow. Patient was advised to use cool compresses as needed."
"24 hours after injection, pt. had vertigo with nausea, diaphoresis, decreased BP, and unsteady gait."
"Itching/redness/swelling/hot. TX: removed latex free bandaid, Advil."
"Pt states arm is very sore, so much so that she can hardly move it."
"4 inch diameter red area, warm to the touch, sore (no itching) - ongoing as of date of report."
Varicella given Lt thigh. Nurse giving the vaccine did not hold leg and she pulled out. Was then given another varicella in same area.
"Wheezing, tired, joints ache, headache, increased BP 162/90 HR 92, clammy, chills, spiked temp twice 102.4 degrees."
"Right upper extremity erythema, pruritis surrounding injection site. Onset 12 hours after vaccination. Improving with BENADRYL, loratadine added. Erythema persistent > 1 week after vaccination."
"Fatigue, abdominal pains, itchy hands, red swollen eyes, nausea, cough, diarrhea hives."
"Temporary few minutes of mild dizziness and dry eyes, blurry vision. Patient drank orange juice. RPh observed her and talked a full conversation with her for a total of thirty minutes. Pt stated she was feeling better at 4:18 PM and perfectly fine upon leaving at 4:28PM. She stated she did not need medical attention."
"The patient had prolonged redness and minor swelling at the injection site (left deltoid area).  Patient came in on (10/8/2015) at approximately 12:45 pm to report the event.  She stated that she noticed the swelling and redness has decreased.  She planned to take an antihistamine this afternoon, and seek medical attention if the redness remains."
Extreme muscle pain joint pain skin pain freezing shivering my hot water was even freezing to me was very hard to walk or even move couldn't get myself to the ER. 10/08/2015 body still hurts but not so severe I can walk however still hurts.
Patient claims that she has had severe headache and soreness at injection site for 2 days.
"Topical rash, red and """"splotchy"""".  Starting within several hours of vaccination, worsening over next 8 hours to 6sq inches and improving by next day to less than 3 sq inches."""""
"Patient received vaccine on 10/06/15 at 3:50 pm. On 10/7/15 around 0930 she developed a rash on bilateral forearms, swelling of eyes and face. Went to ER for treatment where the ER said her Uvula was also swollen. They treated her with Solu-medrol and Pepcid."
"Major all over body aches, headache, chills, dizziness, light-headed, nauseated."
"Diarrhea, upset stomach, aches/fever."
"Employee received vaccine in left arm. Employee instructed to sit in break room for 15 min following the vaccine. Employee reported to the nurse, myself, that she had tingling in her right arm and under her left eye."
"ITCHY EYES, COUGHING, SEVERE HEADACHE, SLIGHT FEVER, VOMITING."
"Patient initially complained of itching, then head swimming, passed out, said had trouble breathing, hard to swallow."
"Patient reported an initial lump at the injection site of Prevnar-13 in her left deltoid, then a spreading red, not raised rash that felt hot and itchy. The rash covered a large area around the injection site.  She did not experience a fever or any other systemic symptoms.  By 10/6/15 the rash had receded and improved but was still visible.  She did not seek any medical attention but took oral acetaminophen for pain."
FEVER (UNMEASURED) AND VOMITING.
"Pt presented to pharmacy on 10/08/2015 with right deltoid soreness, but was more concerned about subcutaneous bruising.   It appeared purple and yellow and pt was concerned because it appeared to be """"spreading"""".  She reported that bruising began to appear on Sunday 10/04/2015."""""
"Hives and swelling, went to the school nurse and was given Benadryl and released from school."
Sore throat. Puffy eyes. Gunk in eyes.
"Cough, sore throat, bad head-ache (not bone-related), vision change, dizziness, but my concern is two weeks later, my left arm aches badly, is weak, hurts to move. Hurts from neck to elbow."
"Severe swelling, extreme redness (eg. very ripe strawberry). Very extreme headache. Fever, dizziness, vomiting. Was seen at a local medical facility. I was seen there 3 times, given 3 shots (one each day) plus a prescription of CEPHALEXIN, 500 mg. The condition was determined to be cellulitis."
"Patient reports feeling tired, shortness of breath and stumbling."
Hives from Tailbone to neck.
My arm pain was significant enough that I could not sleep that night. I kept waking up.  The next day my arm was still in a great amount of pain. I had taken so me BC powder and Tylenol. It wore down when I applied ice to my shoulder.
"Some localized itching after vaccination. Also, funny taste in mouth. Developed a silver dollar size red spot on L-arm at injection area the following day. Itching is not persistent."
"Cold symptoms, chest congestion, irritated eyes with discharge(redness, swelling) stuffed nose, aches/pains.  Difficulty sleeping, symptoms improved within 24 hr post vaccine admin and completely resolved by 36 hr post admin. Acetaminophen 650 mg once for pain relief."
Erythema at site of Hepatitis A noted the day following administration.
Soar throat. Body ache. Eye rash. Made appointment with a dermatologist for the eye rash.
"3:30 pm noticed body aches - mostly in legs followed by sudden onset headache.  Headache progressed. Left work 4:15 pm went straight home. around 5:15 began vomitting/diarrhea, fever, body aches. Took 800 mg ibuprofen. Around 6:15 pm - 7:00 pm experienced difficulty breathing and nausea. No rash or swelling of throat, lips or tongue.  By 8:00 pm symptoms slowly improved so I did not seek medical treament."
"Pain at injection site, redness and a red bump at injection site, itching at injection site, arm pain, unable to lift arm, fever, muscle aches, lethargic."
REDNESS AROUND INJECTION SITE ON THE RIGHT ARM. WARM TO TOUCH. SORE WHEN TOUCHED.
"Arm pain, infected bump (L) arm. (L) deltoid with 2 cm induration/erythema with small crusted pinpoint vesicles. (+) firm with pain at shoulder. NV intact likely rxn. Pain: 7/10. Pain to move, tingly (L) arm. MOTRIN."
"Hives over entire body within 3 hrs of vaccine. Also stated, frequent throat clearing."
"Muscle and joint aches, headache, malaise, low grade fever, chills."
"Chills, body aches, fatigue, sensitivity at injection site."
Shoulder and arm pain and stiffness.
"Achy feeling, pain in joints, runny nose (severe), watery eyes, sneezing, sleepy, slight dizzy spells, cough, sore throat, fatigue. Symptoms are ongoing."
"Pt. received PROQUAD 9-28-15. Rash developed 10-7-15. Measles like rash. No fever. Happy, playful."
Swollen red sore arm.
"Patient reported red, raised rash after injection occurring on arm of injection. When patient reported reaction she stated redness had gone down quite a bit."
Patient received FLUVIRIN vaccine on 10/5/2015 and came to pharmacy 10/8/2015 4 inch red sore deltoid when vaccine given. Also complaining of itching and warm to touch.
"Redness, swelling, and pain at injection site. Patient said that the swelling was bad enough to make the skin tight and extended to her shoulder and down to her elbow."
"PT HAD SWELLING AND REDNESS IN RIGHT ARM ABOUT THE SIZE OF A BASEBALL. ADVISED TO USE BENADRYL AND A COLD PACK ON SWOLLEN AREA. THE NEXT DAY, I SPOKE TO THE PT DAUGHTER. SHE INFORMED US THAT THE PT HAD A PREVIOUS PNEUMONIA SHOT IN MARCH (7 MONTHS AGO) AND THE PT FAILED TO INFORM OUR OFFICE OF THIS FACT. THE PT WAS ACCOMPANIED BY HER SON AT THE TIME OF THE VACCINATION."
Unable to lift arm. Extreme soreness. Loss of movement and mobility. Sharp pain in shoulder.
"Hot sweaty, rapid heart rate with arrhythmia.  Very low blood sugar (I am not diabetic).  Blood sugar of 27.  Ambulance came and had to give adenosine.  Resolved to tachycardia.  Given multiple doses of glucose to recover blood sugar.  I do not know if vaccine caused this or not, but thought it would be best to report incase others have had a similar experience.  I am following up with a cardiologist and my primary doctor today."
It became sore within an hour of the vaccination and then about 3 hours afterwards a rash developed on her deltoid in the area of the shot that is about 7 inches in diameter.  Heat can be felt radiating from the area. It still persisted 2 days later.
"Hive/swelling on left side of face, numbness/tingling left side of face Benadryl 25mg PO taken."
"Received flu shot at open clinic. Noticed small itchy isolated bumps first day, then larger hive-like patches in other areas appearing one section at a time for the next week.  Bumps turn red, ooze, break open and itch! Appears to look like shingles.  Benadryl and calamine eases itch and redness."
"CHILLS (COULD NOT GET WARM), UNCONTROLABLE TEETH CHATTERING, HEADACHE, RAPID HEARTBEAT."
"Acute, vise-like pain at injection site and in upper arm area."
Patient had a seizure lasting 15 seconds.
"Erythema and itching around injection site; one hour later flushing and hives, then headache, 3 hours after injection developed wheezing, diarrhea, increased respiratory secretions; two days later still have significant erythema and induration inferior to injection site."
"Redness at injection site. Swelling at injection site. Fever, diarrhea, back pain."
Large bruise/hematoma developed. Pt. showed me on 10/6/15 and said it had been there about four days. Dark blue and purple mostly in the underarm area. I would estimate bruise to be at least 6-8 inches long and 4-5 inches wide.
"Large reddened area at shot site 15 x 15 cm area mild swelling, increased warmth, itchy."
"Fever, chills, sore throat, headaches, runny nose, body aches. Burning sensation during the vaccination. Stomach/gut distress."
"10/5/15, intense tingling on left leg then right leg then right arm and upper back. 10/7/15 muscle cramping and burning. Still tingling intense on forehead and arm. Advised to see Dr."
Rash at site of the vaccine 4 days after vaccine administration. Flesh colored papules 4 x 7 cm.
"A couple of hours after the injection I got the chills aches and pain bad, temperature of 100.2. The next morning I got up with burning pain in my thigh, lower back and stomach, and my feet. Went to the doctor he thinks its Shingles gave me a prescription for valacyclovir Hcl- 1 gram tab but I don't have the red blisters."
"Chills, shivering, body discomfort, muscle aches, tenderness at injection, fatigue, loss of appetite."
"Pt reports onset of fatigue on 9/25/15 PM that progressed over the weekend. Saw MD on Monday 9/28/15 and was diagnosed with bronchitis and pneumonia. Was prescribed Z-PAK, nebulizer and steroid."
Itching all over (L) side worse than the right.
"Bruising up and down arm painful - weakness, exhaustion x 24 hrs unable to get OOB/no other Rx."
"Entire body itching, including face, with red areas that come and go."
Rash across the top of chest.
"Red swollen, itchy skin and shoulder and neck pain."
"Malaise, muscle aches and spasms."
"REDNESS AT INJECTION SITE THEN THE FOLLOWING DAY A RED, WARM VERTICLE LINE FROM INJECTION SITE APPROX. 4 INCHES LONG: FEVER ON AND OFF. IMROVEMENT THE FOLLOWING DAY. ADVISED PT MOTHER TO CALL FAMILY PHYSICIAN TO LET THEM KNOW..MOTHER STATED PT'S OFFICE HAD BEEN EXPOSED TO THE FLU THE PREVIOUS WEEK."
"Shoulder pain, stiffness, limited range of motion."
Rash on patients legs.
"Rash from injection site to L elbow, warm to touch, light pink to red, no fever, patient visit to office 10/07/15 after watching for improvement, iced the site, presented 10/07/2015 after rash spread to above L elbow, physician confirmed allergic reaction and prescribed OTC Benadryl 3-4 times daily and to call office 10/09/15.  Patient reported no improvement, physician prescribed dicloxacillin 250 mg 1 capsule 1-2 hrs prior to meals for 7 days."
Shaking and sore bones during routine exercise. Had to sit out Zumba!!! Went home with chills and shaking. No fever. (98.8F)
"10 minutes after vaccine administration- patient started getting pruritic hives, diffuse redness, angioedema and respiratory distress."
"Severe body aches, especially painful legs; severe headache; foggy-headed; low grade fever (100); fatigue. Aches/pain and headache significant---- severe enough to disrupt schedule, left work four hours early."
"Baseball sized red spot formed where I received my flu shot, upper left arm. It is slightly swollen and warm to touch. There is mild ache when touched. No other symptoms."
Patient did not experience any adverse reactions.
"PATIENT REPORTED INJECTION SITE REACTION FROM 10/6 TO TODAY 10/9, IT WAS RED AND WARM TO THE TOUCH ON 10/9."
"Pt complained of dizziness, nasal/sinus drainage, flushing, and appeared clammy. Pt did not have elevated Temp."
"3 hours after the Prevanar 13 shot I became very ill fever of 104.7 chills, muscle aches, shaky legs and hands fast heart rate, diarrhea and upset stomach.  Took aspirin this lasted through the night and was still hot on and off the next day."
"LARGE (4 INCH DIAMETER) RED, SWOLLEN AREA STARTING 1-2 INCHES BELOW INTECTION SITE.  WARM TO THE TOUCH."
"Vaccine given IM instead of SQ, no symptoms reported, patient was instructed to call pharmacy if any issues arose."
Patient called on 10/02/2015 to report that she experienced hives approximately 3 hours after receiving the influenza vaccine on 9/24/2015.  Patient states that the hives were resolved by 9/28/2015 with over the counter Benadryl and hydrocortisone cream.
"Band around arm that was swollen, hot and red.  Arm was also very sore.  Symptoms have decreased and a little soreness and itching is now remaining."
PATIENT STATES HE HAD RASH AROUND THE INJECTION SITE AND NUMBNESS IN HAND.
This is the time parents noticed the rash.
"SWELLING, REDNESS IN ARM, PER PATIENT HER NURSE PRACTIONER DIAGNOSIS AS SKIN INFECTION."
Pt stated pain and numbness at the injection site.  Pain has not improved since.
"Heat, slight swelling, and some redness near injection site that occurred about one day after shot was administered, still present when pt appeared at pharmacy to report."
"Patient had red, swollen deltoid area of injection site. Area was slightly warm to touch and patient said it hurt to raise arm. Red, swollen area was approximately size of her deltoid muscle."
"Patient received vaccine on 10/08/15. Stayed the 20mins had no ill effects. The next day the patient's arm started to turn red and swell, got warm. No pain was being experienced. Patient had the reaction the year prior and MD told her to get the vaccination again. She stated that her reaction was worse. I told her to continue to monitor the reaction and reach out to her MD or seek help if she starts having further issues."
Ringing in my left ear. Same side of the injection.
"Extreme Body Cold, Eyes Red and secreting mucus, Head Ache, Legs extreme muscle shooting pain, lasting until 11:00 PM.    Extreme tiredness next day.  By this time on 10/9/2015 at 8:45 PM feelings of tiredness only.  I will see my Neurologist Monday 10/12/2015."
"Progressive erythema, induration, tenderness, and heat over injection site on left deltoid, ultimately progressing to 11 x 11 cm area.  Back arthralgias and myalgias.  No objective fever, though episodic evening chills.  Systemic symptoms resolved over subsequent 48 hours. Local symptoms/signs resolving over three days."
"Left deltoid discomfort on 10/8, pt took 800mg that night with no relief. On morning of 10/9 increase tenderness and some local swelling with 2-3 spots rash, swelling and tenderness incrase and spread down to mid-bicep region around arm, up into arm pit and on back side of should. Due to increase and spread of swelling pt presented to pharmacy at approx. 6:55pm.  Pt denied any difficulty breathing and no chest tightness. Left deltoid was tender to touch and warm to the extent of swelling as described above. Pt denied a diphenhydramine injection due to the tenderness.  She was give and took 50mg diphenhydramine oral liquid and 150mg oral tablet. She was direct to go to ER for further evaluation and agreed she would."
"Sore on arm, lung and ear hurting, headache, nausea."
Hives and welts on her body. Asthma attack too.
PATIENT SAYS ARM BEGAN TO FEEL PAINFUL THE DAY AFTER VACCINE WAS GIVEN. PATIENT DESCRIBED LOCALIZED REACTION WHICH INCLUDED SWELLING AND REDNESS AND HOT TO THE TOUCH.
"Dizziness, headache, nausea, injection site soreness."
Malaise rapid heartbeat headache sinus congestion weakness low appetite restless dosed with normal Tylenol and allergy Decongestantàthroat irritation Halls cough drops. Day Four today..still not 100%.
"Patient stated that she woke up with soreness and stiffness to right arm, the injection site. She denied any redness or swelling to the area, and denied any itching around site. She also stated she had limited movement to her right arm."
"SIDE EFFECT REPORT: Started feeling sleepy, very tired, then feverish, then chills and shaking, aching muscles. Never before experienced this w/flu shot in last two years. Started drinking copious amounts of water. Shaking/fever was somewhat relieved in about an hour. Slept. Extreme fatigue lasted until next morning."
"Rash from elbow to shoulder, pruritus, erythema."
"Mild fever, shaking chills, nausea."
"Patient had severe redness, swelling and muscle hardness. Symptoms were only slightly relieved by 3 doses of Benadryl but were still bothersome 2 days after vaccine adminstration."
"ALLERGIC REACTION AT INJECTION SITE. DEVELOPED BIG, INFLAMED LUMP AT AND AROUND INJECTION SITE."
Started with persistent cough and chills; then all-over aching and began running very high fever all night. About 4:00 AM started sweating profusely and shaking for a couple of hours. Experience weakness and dizziness throughout the next day (10/06/15). Did not seek medical treatment since I could not even get out of bed to get some Tylenol. (I live alone.)
Patient developed a bruise approximately 2 to 3 inches in diameter at the injection site on the left tricep. Patient also described some mild general pruritis.
"Shortly after the shot I noticed an itching on both forearms, above and below the elbow crease.  Around 3:00 PM it worsened to redness, small bumps and itching."
Severe lower back/kidney pain both sides.
Arm had a 6inch by 4 inch red spot at injection site. Pt stated warm to touch.
"Patient received Fluvirin prefilled syringe (NDC 66521-0118-02) on 10/2/15.  On 10/6/15 she experienced fever, aches (legs and back), coughing, fatigue.  Patient stated symptoms resolved on 10/10/15."
"Vaso Vegal reaction, low blood pressure, sweating."
"Patient received Fluzone and Adacel immunizations on the morning of 10/10/15. Patient denied known allergies and prior adverse reactions to influenza and Tdap vaccinations. Approximately 4 hours after leaving pharmacy, patient returned complaining of """"feeling hot in the face"""". Patient's face was cool to the touch and her BP was 128/81 mmHg with a pulse of 80. She denied shortness of breath, difficulty breathing, hives or any other signs of allergic reaction. Patient denied taking any medication to resolve her current symptoms. Both pharmacists on duty offered to call emergency care, but patient denied emergency care because she stated she was starting to feel better. Patient was advised to seek immediate emergency care in case of a delayed reaction. Patient confirmed understanding of signs/symptoms of an allergic reaction and need for immediate care. Patient was also advised to purchase Benadryl and take those if she starts noticing an allergic reaction, then call 911."""""
Feeling Dizzy.
"Cough, congestion, asthma, fever."
Malaise with mild rash.
"Felt like the pharmacist injected too high. At first it wouldn't inject, then moved needle slightly. When injected felt a great pressure in arm. Arm has been hard to move without pain since then."
"Localized nodule/swelling at injection site immediately following administration. Treated with cold pack and monitoring, no change following 30 minutes."
Redness 3x5 inches circular around injection site; hot to touch. Gave patient Benadryl and cold compress.
"Nausea, sweating, slight dizziness.  At first, attributed it to climbing ladder and moving head to look up and then down at tools.  Had to quit working outside and go inside to sit in front of fan.  Pretty much had to do that all day."
World closing in on me; freezing cold; sweating; fell off the toilet seat; peed on the floor.
Syncope and paleness within 5 minutes of receiving the vaccines.  Patient had what seemed like 2 short (10-20 second) seizures.
"EMPLOYEE STATED FEELING LIGHT HEADED, DIZZY, HEADACHE, AND NAUSEA ABOUT 5 MIN AFTER VACCINATION. EMPLOYEE CONTINUES TO HAVE """"WAVES OF DIZZINESS, LIGHT HEADED AND NAUSEA. TEMP AT TIME OF SYMPTOMS 98.1, BP132/84, P82."""""
SORE ARM AT INJECTIONS SITE CONTINUING FOR 2 WEEKS POST IMMUNIZATION.
Pain at injection site radiating down to hand lasting at least 7 days.
"Patient describes terrible pain in her right arm. Patient had 2 vaccines administered that day, Fluzone HD and Prevnar 13.  Her right arm with the pain was the arm the Prevnar was administered.  The arm was slightly swollen and very red.  Hot to the touch.  Patient came to the health care clinic where it was administered, and was given a course of antibiotics 10/10 for a possible cellulitis."
"LEFT ARM, REDNESS AROUND VACCINATED AREA. NO REPORTED ITCHING, ONLY """"DULL PAIN"""" (PAIN SCALE RATING 4 OUT OF 10). NO FAINTING. ADMINISTERED 50MG ORAL DOSE DIPHENHYDRAMINE. HER SPOUSE RECEIVED SAME VACCINATION, SAME VACCINE LOT# ON SAME DAY. NO REPORTED REACTION."""""
"Urgent need to urinate, painful urination, difficulty passing urine. Same symptoms about 30 minutes later. Later that evening, about 6:30 PM, I also noticed cloudy urine and blood spotting on toilet tissue. Contacted the doctor's office and was connected to the doctor on call as it was after business hours. I was assured this reaction had nothing to do with either the Prevnar 13 vaccine, or the Flu vaccine, which had both been administered at around 11:00 AM. I was told it was nmost likely a urinary tract infection and I would be prescribed an antibiotic. I began taking the medication (Cipro) on Wednesday, Sept. 23 at about 7:30 PM. after leaving a urine sample with the nurse at the doctor's office."
"Pain, soreness, muscle aches, raised bump/knot on arm."
"Flu shot was given to the patient. Patient was sitting down when the shot was given. While the patient was waiting in line to checkout, he fainted and fell to the floor. There was loss of consciousness. Patient regained consciousness quickly. 911 was called. Patient stated that he had not had anything to eat since 0600 that day."
Injection site reaction-inflammation and pain.
"She began to have an itchy throat and realized that she was having difficulty swallowing. She felt flushed and a bit warm. She went to an urgent care/emergency facility. Upon arrival, her temperature and blood pressure were slightly elevated. Provider gave Solu-Medrol, famotidine and diphenhydramine IV. She was released at 7:15pm feeling much better. She was given 3 rxs which were filled on 10/9/2015 for Medrol dosepak, famotidine and diphenhydramine."
"After shot gradual onset of weakness, dizziness (patient reports feeling """"off"""") continued to get worse. In the evening patient's reported her neck and chest became red with a rash and her pulse was very high (124bpm & 221bpm reported by patient). Patient went to the Emergency Room to be seen and treated."""""
"Tight, sore throat, complete loss of voice, nasal congestion, very painful left ear, bloodshot/runny eyes all within 1/2 hr of 6:00 PM. Later in evening intense shivering, 101 temp, body aches. All symptoms gone by 10/03/2015."
"Patient received Afluria with a 25 G, 5/8 inch needle instead of a 25 G 1 inch needle on 10/8/2015. Patient came to the pharmacy today (10/11/15) to pick up her prescription and was notified today (10/11/15) about the needle length. Patient is very petitite and thin with minimal subcutaneous tissue; therefore it is likely that the flu shot was administered into the muscle. Patient stated she feels fine and feels that the flu shot went into her muscle. Patient is happy with no complaints at this time."
"Patient noticed the injection site was red and hot the morning of 10/11/15 but no other symptoms reported. Advised patient to apply cold compress & take a dose of Benadryl. Patient returned to the pharmacy around 3 PM on 10/11/15 stating that she felt """"clammy, tired, dizzy, & her ears stopped up."""" Reiterated the earlier instructions & advised her to lay down and rest (as she was at work) and to let use know of any further issues."""""
Patient stated that her arm has swelling surrounding the injection site approximately 4 inches in diameter.
"Developed a 3"""" diameter swollen, red. warm, area with orange peel appearance at injection site.  Mild pain and itching to site. It is 2 days later and symptoms have not changed much."""""
"Patient complained of chest pain in the middle of the night the night after vaccination, daily nosebleeds, stomach pain, and chills."
"Swollen eye lids, swollen lips, red itchy hives on neck, face, lips, arms, butt, vaginal area. Treated with Benadryl 50 mg every 8 hours, did not get better, more swelling and hives persisted, forced to seek help 10/11/2015 at urgent care center, received a cortisone shot and week worth of steroids. Continue with Benadryl 50mg every 8 hours."
"I received the High Dose Flu Vaccine 2015-16 SYR Lot #UI428AB on Friday, Sept 25. On the following Tuesday, I noticed a rash appearing under my right breast. Eventually a rash also appeared on the right side of my back with accompanying pain on skin. I went to a doctor on October 8, and was diagnosed with shingles. I had been given the shingles vaccine in January, 2012. I received a prescription for valacyclovir which I am currently taking. The rash is slowly going away, but I still have pain and sensitive skin in the area of the rash. Prior to receiving the flu vaccine I was in good health and was not stressed."
"Fever 100.8, extreme chills with no relief, large """"goose egg"""" swelling at injection site with excessive sensitivity."""""
Patient reported large bruise on left arm at site of vaccination. Bruise was 3in in diameter. Patient also reports mild discomfort in left arm. These occurred within 24 hours of vaccination.
Patient's arm became very red following the injection with PREVNAR 13. The redness spread down the arm so patient went to clinic. She was diagnosed with cellulitis. Patient was given BACTRIM and is getting better.
"Body wide hives, itching and throat tightening.  Patient reports taking Benadryl 25 mg PO @ 6 hours x 4 doses and pre-prescribed steroid injection x 2."
Patient received vaccine on 10/6/15-around noon developed severe pain from shoulder to hand and swelling around the injection site since 10/8/15 morning.
"Small itchy spots on trunk, legs, arms and head."
"Hives and migraine after receiving flu vaccine. Felt flushed and developed hives (wheals) on her trunk and neck. No SOB, dysphagia, wheeze, tongue swelling."
Erythema and warmth (L) upper arm dx: cellulitis. KEFLEX 500mg 1 PO TID x 7 days.
"Shortly after receiving immunization, patient experienced a """"shingle-like"""" rash up and down the arm. Treatment given not known. Doctor can provide."""""
Redness on deltoid (L) area and sore arm when moved up. He says it is getting better than it was initially.
"Swelling w/in 2 hours/redness, hot. 2 1/2"""" x 3"""" in 2 hrs. 24 hrs later red - 4"""" x 3 1/2"""". Rx for MEDROL Dose Pack/BENADRYL/EPIPEN."""""
"Within a few hours pt. was tired, runny nose, sneezing, lots of coughing, hoarse, swelling in arm for 2 days. DELSYM."
"Had severe pain in left arm to the point when she could not lift her arm the night of the shot. By the time she came into the office, the arm was feeling better. The arm at that point was just sore."
Patient called the day after immunization and stated her arm was sore. She has trouble moving her arm. She was going to call the Dr. and try to keep moving her arm.
Severe swelling and redness at arm at site below injection. No treatment was started. Patient was advised to be seen by a doctor with urgent care.
"Bruising around the area approximately 1 inch in diameter, also headache, anxiety, shaking, nauseous, and weakness that occurred about 1 week after shot. Bruising were present shortly after vaccine."
"Child was given HPV and Flu shot. Child feet pain, starting crying, maculopapular rash developed on face and neck area. No resp. distress."
Patient had vaccine on 10/7/15. She woke up at 3 AM on 10/8/15 with pain from top of left shoulder down to the elbow radiating to the mid back below the neck. There is a numbness feeling in the fingers of left hand. She has pain from left shoulder through to axillary region.
"Itching, bruising at injection site. Pain at injection site - resolved but took longer than previous injections."
"Allergic reaction to flu vaccine. Nodule formed within sec. pt was sweating, dizzy, passed out - sweating profusely - called 911 administered EPIPEN 1 shot."
Atrial Flutter. On 10/11/15 upon rising - Ocular Hyperemia.
"Diarrhea for 36 hours. Loss of appetite, tiredness."
Ct. called on 10/12/15 complaining of severe pain in left shoulder. States unable to lift that arm above shoulder level. Referred to PCP for follow-up.
"Within 8 hrs of receiving vaccine, she reports pain and edema radiating from (L) upper arm (inj. site) to neck and jaw (L) and (L) eyelid and (L) lip edema."
"Patient called pharmacy 10-7-15 to report adverse event to immunizations given 10-6-15. She received FLUZONE HD and PNEUMOVAX 23 in left arm. Patient reported swelling, redness, pain went to ER received antibiotics."
"Whole arm from shoulder to elbow is inflamed, painful and hot to touch."
Erythematous swollen arm several centimeters beyond injection site.
"Very large bruise at vac. point, over silver dollar size."
"Patient called pharmacy on 10/9/15 and said she experienced severe swelling on the right side from arm to fingers and toes. She also experienced skin tightness on swollen areas, fever, severe pain. She took 4 ADVILS the night of 10/8/15 and that relieved the pain and warmness. She said swelling decreased but some pain and swelling still there."
"Itching, Hives over entire body with inflammation."
Woke up with sore throat and head cold.  I had a lot of drainage which in two days turned into an upper respiratory infection.
Severe soreness in shoulder around area of vaccine administration.  Has continued for almost 3 weeks now.
"Dry heaves, chills, diarrhea, arm pain."
"Left arm/shoulder extremely sore and getting hard to raise. 5pm- extremely sensitive & hot to touch, immobile, whole body feverish. Aleve for pain & hot baths/cold compresses all night. Dr in the morning."
"Patient called complaining of very swollen and stiff arm. Patient was advised to ice, take anti-inflammatory and antihistamine. Follow up with patient later that evening had showed strong improvement, right arm."
Patient called and stated that at about 3pm his eyes became bloodshot and started mattering.  His face was warm and he had nasal congestion.  He did not take his temperature but said he felt feverish.  He took Tylenol at 3pm and again about 6 hours later when he went to bed.  He woke up without symptoms.
Patient came by and say that she could only lift her left arm half way.
"Respiratory distress, vomiting & flu like symptoms."
"Lump in throat, chills, fever, temperature-relieved by TYLENOL. Symptoms dissipated overnight."
"Initially: immediate pain. Felt like nurse buried the needle. Felt like fire when vaccine was injected. Pain steadily worsened throughout the evening and night despite my taking naproxen and ibuprofen. In the morning, trying to get ready for work, I literally could not move my arm w/o crying, could not get dressed or lift my arm above my head. I was forced to call off work that day because of the excruciating pain. Since I am an RT at a small. I contacted the Dr's office that day to explain the situation. They were not overly concerned once I told them my arm was not red, swollen, or hot. I was advised to ice the area and come back to the office if it didn't get any better. I don't know the lot # or manufacturer. This has never happened to me before with any type of vaccine. One thing I did notice is that there was much more dried blood on the bandage when I removed it, than with my other previous vaccine (normally just a speck if any at all). This bandage was almost totally saturated - the site bled quite a bit. As I write this my arm feels better, but still tender and weak. I sought advice from a medical professional at my job who think she may have hit my nerve, and/or the vac. itself actually attacked my muscle tissue. The injection site is still bruised. I still have soreness if I use this arm for anything strenuous (I am right handed so always get vaccinated in my left arm). I can honestly say this was the worst pain I've ever experienced in my life next to childbirth."
"Scratchy throat, left upper arm pain, pain later moved down entire left arm to all fingers in both hands, later developed trembling (trembling resolved after 3 hours), mild abdominal pain, decreased appetite, headache."
My stomach and back start to become extremely sensitive to touch and what I thought at the time was hives developed on part of my back. Over the next few days this became worse and much more painful.  I went to urgent care on 10/11 and was diagnosed with Shingles.  I have never had shingles before and was feeling fine before taking the shot.  I am now on medication for treatment.
"Patient stated her arm started to hurt and itch badly.  Then when she woke up she felt like a """"mac truck""""  had run her over.  Took allergy pill (loradine?) and iced arm.  Has appt with doctor this morning (10/12/2015). She will notify us of what MD said."""""
"Severe worsening pain with movement of any kind of my right arm. Intermittent numbness and tingling, extreme weakness of right arm."
"Received call from pt. she had a PREVNAR13 and Flu shot this AM and she's having trouble breathing, it feels very heavy and she has a very rapid heartbeat. I advised pt call 911 and get to the ER pt's granddaughter was with her and pt said she would have her take her to the ER."
Pain at injection site. Has not gone away. No redness or warmth to touch. Patient is medicating with pain meds for some relief.
"Redness (1/2 dollar-sized), hardness, heat, soreness when lifting arm, itchy."
Cellulitis
2.8 x 1.5 inch erythematous area on Right thigh at inj site. Area warm non tender.
Arm swollen and redness and warm to touch from left.
"Pt is complaining of sore arm. No redness or soreness at injection site, but sore inside. She says it is sore or hurts when she moves it or lays on it. We suggested heat/ice to help. She said her Dr has recommended PT."
Pt saw red mark rear area where shot was given. Unsure if shot causesd the irritation.
"Hives and itching, treating with antihistamines."
"Significant swelling around the injection site. Patient saw his doctor, who prescribed a zithromycin 250mg dose pack for 5 days. Patient was back to normal within two days."
"Papular rash on arms, legs and torso. No fever, no blisters and mouth clear. No localized pain and no swelling, no bruising, no blisters. Acting alert and good P.O."
Red spot at injection site; red rash on upper arm above the elbow; mild itching; soreness in upper arm for one day.
"Dizzy, light-headed, body aches, fever, sore/red arm, vomiting."
"Shoulder and arm pain x 15 days out of proportion to the common reaction. No sign of infection, allergy or weakness."
None stated.
"Sweating, feeling ill."
See attached sheet.
"Pain with lifting and moving left arm, not alleviated with TYLENOL."
Patient said she had every symptom of the flu within 2 hours of receiving FLUZONE HD and PREVNAR 13.
"At 2:00pm patient was given both the FLUVIRIN and PNEUMOVAX administered IM in the left arm spaced about 1 inch apart into the deltoid muscle. Later in the day he developed a stiff arm but still had full range of movement. He slept on his right side to avoid the painful arm that night. The following night by 8:30pm he had developed headache, myalgia, pain upon moving the arm and a painful (not itchy) red raised rash on his arm in the area between the shoulder and elbow. The largest of the patches was about 3-4 inches round. The rash did not appear directly at the injection site but it did appear below it. His on call doctor suspected cellulitis so has prescribed cephalexin for the time being and to follow up with his doctor after the weekend."
"I woke up with pain in left shoulder and neck.  As the day went on noticed I had a knot that was red where I was injected in left arm. Pain shoots through shoulder and neck when I make certain movements and even sometimes when I take a deep breath. Over the course of the weekend, the not became more noticeable, red and warm to touch and had numbness and tingling in fingers on left hand.  The site of injection was even itchy with a burning sensation. It is now Monday and the pain does not seem to be getting better even thought the injection sight does not seem to be as irritated."
"My arm and sholder are in so much pain, I can barely move my arm above my head."
Pain in left arm pain in shoulder and side of neck-next day head ache-treated with ice and Advil -headache gone -still have pain.
"Nausea, vomiting, fever, headache, redness and soreness at injection site."
Patient states that his arm is still very sore and hurts to lift his arm.  It has been 17 days since he recieved his flu shot. He says that it is still sore to the touch and it hurts to sleep on it.
"Client states she had approximately a 4 inch red band that wrapped around her left upper arm from the injection site.  Area on Left upper arm 10/12/15 now approximately 2 inches in diameter, red, warm to touch and slightly itches.  Client states she has put cold compresses to area on Left upper arm where injection was given and that has improved the redness and swelling."
Hives.
"Itching on scalp and back, itching around lips, tingling on lips, and feeling of swollen lips."
Localized erythema and slight tenderness to palpation at site of injection noted by patient 6 days after injection. Pain 1/10.
"Received Prevnar vaccine in right arm, by Sunday morning I was breaking out in hives. Raging hives. OTC hydro cortisone cream. RX Medrol pak."
Cellulitis.
Patient stated the night after he got his vaccines he had chills and a low grade fever. The patient stated he did not go to the doctor and did go to work the next day.
"Left arm began aching one hour following my flu vaccine, after that it has progressed into a sharp pain throughout my muscle. I have extreme difficulty moving my arm side to side or up and down and I have decreased strength in that arm as well."
"Patient said that she felt sweaty, her heart was racing and that she thought it was a stroke.  She went to her primary care doctor who said that he thought it was a reaction to Fluzone HD."
Patient seen 10/12/15 with onset of rash 10/9/15; had measles like rash that started on face and spread to body.
"Feeling weak, tired, drained out, and dizzy accompanied by lower back pain."
"Patient started with chills and shaking. Patient's son called pharmacy. We had them check BG and it was 98 despite patient eating 2 hours before. Had family give small glass OJ and recheck BG in 15 minutes, was only 114 but chills had gotten better. Patient also experienced fever near 100, myalgia, nausea and vomiting. We instructed family to use comfort care (ie Tylenol for fever; Pedialyte for electrolytes) and if patient stayed same or got worse by end of the night, to take patient to ER for more comfort care. Instructed them to call back next day if they had any questions. Did not hear back from family."
"Severe chills which caused shaking. It took him about 1&1/2 hours to get warmed up with blankets, warm wash clothes and heating pads.  He said at 4pm it stopped and he slept the rest of the day basically.  His neck did hurt slightly from shaking.  He took some Tylenol for that."
"Shoulder pain originating at site of vaccination. Pain is now radiating down arm to area of wrist. No redness noted at this site.  Treated with ice packs, Tylenol, Motrin, Aspirin & Bengay type Creme. Planning on visit to Doctor.  Out come unknown at this time."
"Scratchy throat, runny nose, some sneezing, and some fever. Not debilitating but irritating."
"After the needle retracted, I noticed about a quarter-size swelled mass right where the vaccine was given.  I immediately asked the patient how they felt and she said she didn't feel any different and only was thrown off by the sound of the retracted needle.  I asked her to wait in the seat and immediately called the CDC to check if this was a common reaction.  The gentleman explained that it sounded more generalized and to just make sure the patient didn't exhibit any other symptoms.  I rechecked her arm and the swelling was completely gone just the redness at the injection site.  I had her wait another 15 minutes to make sure there were no new symptoms before I let her go ahead and leave.  I instructed her to contact the Dr. immediately if she noticed any new symptoms."
"Approximately at 11:45 I because congested and nauseated.  I vomited 4 times and spent the rest of the night dry heaving.  The nausea subsided with phenergan around 0800-0900 am on 10/9/15. I experienced cough, congestion, and body aches through early Monday morning 10/12/15."
"Patient passed out briefly after leaving the pharmacy following the immunization-- after the injection was administered, patient said she was fine.  She left pharmacy only to return after feeling light-headed.  She passed out and we were able to lay her down gently and called for management and 911. She was only out momentarily and within a few minutes said she was fine.  She also said that this had been a problem for her in the past but it had been a while since she had passed out   once the rescue squad arrived she said she was fine and refuse treatment."
"Lymph node in Left axilla was swollen for 3 days, slight induration, measuring 6 cm across."
"Fever, fatigue, muscle pain all over the body."
"Severe conjunctivitis, drainage, eye pressure, and pain as well as light sensitivity."
"Pt states immediately after receiving the vaccine she felt sharp pain.  Today 6 days later it is still extremely red, swollen and tender.  Very painful to move arm."
PAIN AND SWELLING IN ARM. DECREASED RANGE OF MOTION.
Patients arm turned black from shoulder to the elbow.
"Patients daughter called. Patient complained of: fever, pain at injection site (worse than previous flu shots), throat pain/soreness."
"Itching, stinging at site of shot.  Next day continued itching, warm, small dots.  Benadryl cream stopped itching.  Sore like after getting shot."
Big red itching area the size of a pancake under the administration site.
"Patient awoke the next morning reporting limited hearing in left ear.  Patient's wife described a feeling similar to trapped water, but patient had not been swimming or doing anything that would explain the loss of hearing ability. Patient was advised to be examined by a medical provider as soon as possible."
"PT COMPLAINED OF RASH AND SWELLING OF ARM FROM COLLARBONE DOWN TO 2 INCHES ABOVE ELBOW THAT DEVELOPED A FEW HOURS FOLLOWING VACCINATION. PT PRESENTED TO PHARMACY 48H AFTER VACCINATION; RASH AND SWELLING HAD GONE DOWN (PER PT) WITH ICE APPLICATION, BUT WAS STILL EVIDENT."
"Pain in upper left arm where I was vaccinated. As the days went on pain was steady and would sometimes travel down the arm.  Pain when I tried to lift arm over my head or in back.  Broken sleep. I now have very bad pain and stiffness upon waking up in morning.  Finally decided I need to have it checked out by physician.  Just a note, I was sitting and the pharmacist was standing when he injected vaccine.  I am now on prednisone for a few days and prescribed topical creme. Just another note, after this experience I will never have another flu shot.  Had my first flu shot last year with no problems."
"Sore throat, aching, chills, light head, nausea, tired."
"Sneezing, hard to breathe, forehead and ears were on fire, heart was pounding."
Pt was ordered to receive MMR and Varivax.  Pt received Proquad and Varivax. No symptoms as of yet.
Broke out in Hives through out body. Was not noticeable until the afternoon.
"Chills, fever, aches, large redness on arm."
TMJ on right side along with headache.
TMJ and headache.
"I noticed on 10/8/15 that my tounge felt like I had burned it and starting to loose my taste. Then on 10/9/15, I noticed that I had developed a pain on the left side of my head under my ear. I thought it was a headache and took Tylenol. Then on 10/10/15 when I tried eatting my breakfast I could not open my mouth all the way. It felt like I had gone to the dentist and I lost all feeling on the left side of my face. I thought I was experiencing a stroke because I couldn't close my left eye, couldn't smile or open my mouth all the way. The left side of my face was paralized. I could only experience taste on the right side of my tounge. I quickly called the OB doctor on call and was told to go to Urgent Care. I was then diagnosed with Bell's Palsy."
"Severe arm pain, sudden onset. Twitching muscles in arm and chest."
"Seen at urgent care on 10/9./15. Fever (99.2 with TYLENOL) aches, no cough, congestion or respiratory problems. Advised to continue with TYLENOL for fever and aches. Drink plenty of fluids and cool baths to control temp. Stated fever up to 103.7 at home."
"Redness and puffiness noted distal to injection site (Left Deltoid) Warm to touch. Tender. Bruising noted, of purple and red color. Two spots noted on each side of deltoid muscle. Client seen NP 10/12/2015, was given Bactrim but NP doesn't believe swelling and bruising is related to flu shot."
"Rash on inner thighs, legs, shoulders, arms, back."
"Red Swollen and hot injection site, Hives on neck bilateral and under Left breast and rib area."
Left arm/shoulder pain X1day s/p pneumonia vaccine.
"Fatigue, muscular aches/pain in lower back extending to top of legs and groin area; weakness in walking."
Muscular aches/pains in legs and groin area; dizziness; weakness in walking.
"Per pt. experienced red, itchy rash surrounding site of administration and believes it was unrelated to any reaction from bandage adhesive."
Black and blue at injection site-first arm redness about half way down arm. Minor swelling.
Acute shoulder/arm pain radiating through elbow and down in fingers. Unable to hold the arm in any position for over 30 secs without pain kicking in. Pain persisting for more than 7 days. No visible wounds. Pain killer meds haven't helped.
"Patient said about 1 1/2 hrs after her vaccine, her arm broke out in a rash which spread to both arms."
Patient came in and showed a red round area around the injection site that was warm to the touch.
"Talked to patient on 10/10/15 (1 day after receiving flu shot). Pt's health condition is the same, no serious reaction after receiving 2nd dose of the shot (didn't know pt had a flu shot previously in Aug 2015.)"
Pt. says arm is painful. It is bruised from elbow almost to shoulder.
Arm hurt - could only sleep 3 hours for 3 nights. Shot right arm. Cannot sleep on right arm (side). Cannot lift arm.
Rash all over her trunk and under armpits. The rash was getting worse and patient had to go to clinic to get steroid shot by MD.
"A few days after shot, patient complains of tingling from shoulder down to fingers and any pressure on his hand makes it worse. This is the same arm the shot was given in (left arm only)."
"Stomach ache, lots of gas, loss of appetite, body aches, no energy."
"At 6:01 pm om 9/30/2015, patient contacted vaccine provider telling him that he was experiencing extreme shoulder pain at the injection site. Both his shoulder and arm hurt. He contacted his doctor. His doctor told him to take OTC pain reliever BENADRYLL and apply ice."
"This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist via company representative refers to a 54 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history was not reported. Approximately in September 2015 (reported as last week), the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23 (lot # L007720 and expiry date: unknown, dose and frequency were unknown) and influenza virus vaccine inactivated (unspecified) (reported as flu shot) in the same arm. Approximately in September 2015 (reported as within five days of administration), the patient came back to the pharmacy and stated that he/she experienced arm soreness in the arm where the vaccines were administered. The outcome of the event was unknown. The relatedness of the events with suspect therapies was not reported. This is one of the two reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested."
"12:00PM Lethargy, headache, took 200mg Tylenol. 1:30PM Lethargy, body aches, HA worse, fever 101F. 4:00PM Lethargy, extreme body aches, dizziness, nausea, vomiting, fever 102.7F, horrible HA. 7:00 PM same symptoms as above and fever now 103.7.  1:00AM 10/07/2015- fever 102 after Ibuprofen, other symptoms persist. 6:00Am-  Fever gone-Temp 98, mild body aches, lethargy continues, mild nausea, no appetite. 5:00PM-Starting to feel back to normal but still lethargic."
"Pt. received Td, IPV, HPV, Hep A and the flu vaccine. After 10 seconds pt. started to feel dizzy and fainted. This episode lasted for a few seconds and pt. woke up. Was examined by provider. Did not eat anything before."
Pain in left armpit radiating to side of breast. Swollen lymph node under left arm. Rash on left side near breast on 3rd day (10/12/2015).
"Constant ringing in the ears. Have an appointment to see an Otolaryngologist on Friday, October, 16, 2015."
Patient received vaccine then fainted while sittting in the chair. Regained consciousness after a few seconds.
"Numbness in (L) arm that began 1 day after vaccination. Advised pt to consult physician, he said he would 1stt see how it progressed. Spoke to pt on 10/11/15 a.m - said he has much improved and would monitor. He had not seen a doctor."
Rash around site of injection warm and tender to touch.
"RUE with erythematous tender wheal 3.25"""" in diameter."""""
"Next day (10/9/15) pin prick rash stomach and back, no itching. Didn't feel well over weekend. Headache this AM now nauseated ?fever (didn't know)."
"This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist via company representative refers to a 51 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history was not reported. Approximately in September 2015 (reported as last week), the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23 (lot # L007720 and expiry date: unknown, dose and frequency were unknown) and influenza virus vaccine inactivated (unspecified) (reported as flu shot) in the same arm. Approximately in September 2015 (reported as within five days of administration), the patient came back to the pharmacy and stated that he/she experienced arm soreness in the arm where the vaccines were administered. The outcome of the event was unknown. The relatedness of the events with suspect therapies was not reported. This is one of the two reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested."
"As of 10/12/15: pt. initially had small area of redness/swelling at injection site -> now a flat, diffuse rash has spread down the arm to 4 or 5 inches. The rash is warm to touch. Pt. will apply ice and may take some BENADRYL."
"Low grade fever, erythema and warm at inj. site, diarrhea, fatigue, malaise."
Redness and itching  below injection site. Size of area about like playing card. Slight swelling. No fever. Pt did not go to dr. Is using topicort cream for itching-right arm only.
"Patient received two vaccines in the same arm separated by an inch apart. A few hours after administration he said he had a sore arm and a knot about the size of a quarter. By the end of the night the knot grew larger. The next day of about 24 hours after administration the patients arm on the area of administration was swollen, red, hot to the touch, tender, and about 6 inches wide. The patient will follow-up with his doctor."
"""Seizure"""" - pt. stiffened in his sleep (co-sleeps with parent) - not arousable approximately 5 min. T 100.2 - 10/07/15 and 10/8/15."""""
"Pt with (L) arm pain, swelling and erythema."
"Soreness, red, hurting in both arms. Hoarseness, sore, red itchy eyes/still problem cough, fever aches, headache, itching, very fatigue and tired. Hands burned and shedding skin."
Lt. deltoid pain at time of injection and with abduction of Lt arm since.
Feels like ears are plugged.
"Red and itchy entire outside upper arm, left. Was much better after 5 days."
Patient reports that after receiving FLUZONE HD that side's neck and face swelled for several days. Also she experienced nausea and headache.
Patient had swelling and redness on arm near injection site and felt fatigued. She is using ice and naproxen for the arm.
Approximately 90 minutes post vaccination patient reported vomiting and diarrhea as well as lightheadedness and dizziness. Patient sought treatment at ER. Given nausea medication. Connection to vaccine not determined.
"Started evening of 10/5, swelling of arm. Woke up in morning w/swelling and redness. She said it felt like a bad sunburn. She called the pharmacy on 10/7, told her to ice and Ibuprofen. By 10/9, swelling and redness have gone down."
"Local rash, redness, and swelling that developed the following day. Apply ice to area as well as hydrocortisone cream to area."
"Passed out in chair, regained consciousness for 2 minutes, back arched and legs kicked out, paramedics came and administered O2. BP was low (70/35) but rose as O2 was administered."
"Administered FLUVIRIN at offsite clinic, around 7:00 am on 10-12-15. School nurse called and reported that she was found in responsive and in an apparent seizure at 10L00 at the school. Patient was transported to ER. She was responsive upon transport."
"Redness, itching, swelling at and around injection site, tired and weak. This was at injection site of PREVNAR 13/not FLUZONE."
"Nausea, stomach pain, facial itching, lips itchy, sweating, weak feeling, throat swelling. Started approximately 1 hour after injection. Took 2 BENADRYL between 1 and 2 pm and used albuterol inhaler. Saw doctor at 4:30 pm - symptoms greatly improved."
Severe bruising along arm. Swelling in armpit and at elbow. Started 1 day after IZ (10/10/15).
"1 hr after left deltoid injection, patient developed numbness and tingling of the left han. Finger 4th and 5th soon after that noticed metalic taste on his mouth with slight light headedness on left. Also tingling on the (Rt) ear that now went away."
"Hard, red, hot, painful lump at injection site approx 1 1/2 inches."
"Approx 22 hrs after vaccine, pt. developed H/A 98.9 with fever. Antipyretic given by mom. Temp. 102 degrees F by 3:30 pm. Temp increase to 104 degrees w/hallucinations that night. Seen by dr on 10-8-15. am."
"Pain, redness, swelling at injection site/arm starting later in day of injection."
"Per pt-not seen in person-left side (arm and leg) swelling and in pain. Pt had trouble walking, weakness, dizziness. Pt reported to MD, given ibuprofen. Pt reported to be ok next day when we followed up."
Small bump under skin at injection site on left arm. Painful to touch. No treatment given. Not aware of when it started/formed.
"Pt reports pain in arm for 2 weeks after vaccine administration. MD aware, pt will have ultrasound in 2 weeks."
"About 2 1/2-3 hrs after flu shot her gums started to feel numb, eyes began to hurt. Claims she had trouble swallowing. Runny nose and discharge from her eyes. 2 1/2 hours after these symptoms appeared went to ER. Was given BENADRYL and DECADRON 1 dose of each."
"Delayed, large local reaction - red, raised, 6 x 8 cm - indurated warm."
"Patient reports redness, swelling and painful to touch at injection site on arm where PREVNAR was given."
"Edema face and legs. BENADRYL 25mg, Prednisone 60mg, ZANTAC 150mg. Discharge Rx Prednisone 20 TID x 3 days, Omeprazole 20mg x 1 daily, Epinephrine auto-injector."
"Hives and redness on same arm as vaccine was administered.  Facial swelling, itching, and hives on neck began shortly thereafter."
"After receiving the vaccines, my daughter began to have fevers ranging from 100.4-103.5 F. She was given Ibuprofen and Tylenol throughout the fever. But on the evening of 10/1/15, she experienced a seizure where her eyes rolled back and her arms and legs began to shake. She was unresponsive throughout the episode which lasted about 5-8 minutes, which still continued on route to the local ER."
Patient felt nauseaus and felt flu-like symptoms.  Her arm also was swollen.
"About 10 minutes after recieving the flu vaccination patient started to feel hot, nauseous, dizzy and a little shakey. She rested for a few minutes and started to feel a little bit better so she went back to work. She then started to feel even worse and about 10 minutes later she vomited for the first time. She then rested for 10 minutes then vomited a second time. We had her lay down and started fanning her because she was still feeling the same symptoms. About 30 minutes after that she vomited a third time. We were finally able to get a hold of our company nurse and she suggested that we take her to the urgent care for a check up."
"Weakness, achy joints, dizziness. Missed 2 days of work to recover."
Injection site reaction - Inflammation. Possible infection.
Patient reported black vision around the edges about 10 minutes after vaccine administration.  Symptoms subsided about 1 hour after onset.
"Patient called service on 10-10-15 at 0821. Reported to Dr., questionable local reaction to flu vaccine (pain down spine, up neck, and shoulder blades). Applied heating pad to back and right shoulder blade, took TYLENOL as instructed by Doctor - little to no relief. Was advised to see the doctor in office. No appointment to date."
"Patient called the office today than since yesterday (10/11/15) his right arm is painful, red, warm and swollen. A 4:30PM seen per Dr. No treatment necessary appears as local reaction."
"Lightheadedness, nausea, vomiting, tachycardia, BP, Pulse, EKG."
"Within 24 hrs of receiving the FLUZONE injection in his right deltoid, patient developed an approximate 10cm x 15cm large, red, swollen, hot to touch area below injection site. Placed on KEFLEX on 10/11/15 for cellulitis by urgent care."
"Warm, red, irritated skin (entire forearm)."
Cellulitis.
Pt. reports an ER dx of cellulitis due to administration of a flu shot too low on the arm. Below the deltoid muscle.
Redness of thigh where DTaP/IPV (KINRIX) and in error. Flu vaccine given.
"Pain in right arm cannot hold pen, arm is numb, cannot move."
"10x8 cm, redness, warm, indurated."
"Vertigo, severe spinning. Few minutes after looking down or bending over. Never experienced before. Steadied myself and closed my eyes until it was over."
"Swelling of glands below shoulder, swelling going up my neck into my jaw, tingling in my face on the left side. Doctor started me on a prednisone treatment."
PRURITIS AND BUMPS BEGINNING UNDER ARM AND ON FOREHEAD LATER SPREADING TO THE BACK OF THE NECK. PRURITIS IN ONGOING AS OF TODAY. PRURITIS BEGAN DAY AFTER IMMUNIZATION.
"Very swollen leg, from upper thigh down to her knee, softball sized, hot to the touch.  Skin became hard and red, very itchy. Took her to urgent care, doctor verified it was a large site reaction. Treated with Motrin and antihistamines."
Vaccine was administered subcutaneously in the back of my arm which is large.  It was not put in my deltoid. I even asked the NP if it was supposed to be a subq or IM injection and he said IM but continued to give it sub q & now I have localized swelling & pain.  He also rubbed it vigorously after injecting it.
"Bloodshot, veiny, sore eyes."
"After receiving the vaccine, the patient stated that it burned, but there was no immediate reaction. It wasn't until she woke up the next morning that she noticed redness, warmth, soreness, and pain below the injection site on her right arm to her elbow. The patient stated that she took two 200 mg ibuprofen, which seemed to help with the symptoms."
"2PM, shot. 7 hrs. after vaccine, sudden loss of balance, stumbling, falling backward (not to floor), walk uncoordinated. Took blood pressure 153/102 H.R. 87. Normally at this time, 9PM, 110/75. Could read, write. On to bed. 7AM next day, OK. Lasted (9-11PM) and in lesser amount when up twice in night."
"Within 24 hrs, redness, swelling, pain, burning - 3 dys later started to go down my arm - below elbow. Antibiotics on KEFLEX 500mg every 8 H."
"Within 15 minutes of influenza vaccine, given in left arm, right arm started itching. Progressed to scalp, neck and torso. Tight feeling in chest. Dr. notified, vitals taken, PFT done and injected in left arm with epinephrine by Dr."
Redness/rash/itch torso.
"Dizziness, vertigo, chills, headache, fatigue, soreness. Onset the following evening after administration 10-1-15 lasting continuously through 10-5-15."
"Employee received her immunization at 11:15. Her symptoms of numbness and tingling up her (L) arm, up her neck, into (L) side of head. Began 10 minutes after shot. She also had visual disturbance. She went to the Emergency Dept. where a """"code stroke"""" was called. Complete workup was negative, sent home."""""
"Fever - chills, diarrhea, nauseous, achy, sore throat, earache, swollen glands, severe fatigue."
"Dizziness followed by vomiting. Eyes, lips became swollen."
Pt experienced convulsions and loss of consciousness 12-24 hours post vaccine.
"Local reaction around area where vaccine was administered-roughly 2-3"""" diameter, red, slightly raised and warm to the touch-started w/in 24 hours of vaccination."""""
Arm where the injections were given were red and there was a blister (bigger than a nickle smaller than a quarter).
9/29/15 Temp at 11am 99? Lethargy. 9/30/15 Temp 101 deg lower area of left arm by elbow red and fevery. 10/1/15 Reported left arm above elbow red and fevery. Painful to touch. 10/2/15 Condition improving dark pink in colorr. 9cm x 5 inch including elbow red.
"Gave vaccination per usual protocol. Immediately upon removal of the syringe, her arm began swelling. By the time we returned to the pharmacy waiting area, her arm was approx twice its normal size. She sat with an ice pack for 15 min, just in which time the swelling subsided. One week later (today) she returned to show the bruise that stretched from Rt. deltoid down to elbow."
"Patient reports to have swelling, pain, itching. Dr's office say cellulitis."
"Breathing problem, SOB, Itching all over, sweating. 12 hrs after shot pt got itching and sweating. 2 hrs later she got SOB. Pt went to hospital got EKG and other test. Took long. She felt better and left and called her cardiologist."
Weakness Dizzy Lethargic No Appetite Bed Ridden Long Period of Headaches Hot Flashes.
"Chills, fever, sweats, coughing, loss of appetite, body aches, pain behind left ear, weight loss..."
DIARRHEA AND VOMITING ON SUNDAY NIGHT AT 8PM UNTIL 4AM NEXT DAY. STARTED RESOLVING THE NEXT DAY AND PATIENT IS OKAY NOW.
"Patient reports 2 days after vaccination, sore arm and tingling in hand on arm that was vaccinated that has continued up to 2 weeks after vaccination. Shot location had a hard knot and discomfort for 2 weeks after. Recommended to use OTC anti-inflammatories and follow up with MD if continued tingling."
"After receiving her flu shot around 12:30pm, patient said she experienced adverse effects around 6pm the same day. Patient said she had trouble breathing and had aches and pains. She said she felt like she was getting the flu. She said she never had a reaction before, but was fine the next day. Patient did not discuss this with her doctor. She reported this on 10/10/2015."
"Arm pain at site of vaccination (left deltoid) 20 minutes after injection. Site was hot to touch. Tried ice to site, did not help. Had her see urgent care provider. Given oral Benadryl."
"Patient received a flu shot on 10/10/15 in left arm, and later that night the injection site became inflamed, approximately the size of a marble, and itched.  She stated scratching it worsened it.  Today there was a knot at the site of injection, it was still inflamed and very itchy and was now also giving off heat.  There was no pain at injection site and she stated it was more annoying than anything.  I recommended Benadryl for the itching and a cold compress to get the swelling down."
"10/5/15: per patient, on right arm where Prevnar was administered, a couple of small lesions appeared, and arm became red, swollen, warm to the touch, itchy, and slowly spread down her arm towards her elbow.  She stated that she didn't feel it was, """"bad enough to contact her primary care doctor,"""" but she had an appointment on Thursday (10/8/15) and would have them take a look at it at that time; 10/9/15 patient called pharmacy back and stated that it slowly got better and was almost gone at this point; 10/13/15 the patient stopped into the pharmacy and said that it has resolved and she has no further issues."""""
Patient began trembling all over and complained of feeling cold. Her daughter assisted her but was unable to help her warm up. Later patient felt hot to the touch but temp was not taken. Pt exhibited signs of confusion. The next day patient was still trembling in hand area and was weak and required assistance arising from couch/chair. Pt continued to show signs of confusion.
"MINOR RASH AND TENDERNESS ON FRONT OF UPPER ARM. ASKED THE PATIENT TO TAKE BENADRYL, PATIENT IS FINE."
Entire upper arm turned bright red and very hot to the touch. Itched. Redness continued to spread and grow through Saturday evening. Went to ER Saturday evening and left with a diagnosis of cellulitis of the upper arm with a treatment plan of 10 days of antibiotics.
"As usual, my arm was sore and hurt after the shot. It felt this way for several days. I noticed a redness in the shot area. After a while, the symptoms went away, but now it's a week later and my arm is hurting so much that I had trouble sleeping. The pain is where I got the shot & is radiating down the arm. I plan to call the doctor today."
"Chest tightness, shortness of breath, dizziness, sore throat, cough, itchy red eyes."
"Swollen, hot, red left arm 8"""" x 8"""" area. Still affected 1 week later. No medical treatment."""""
The area of injection presented redness and was itchy.
A lot of swelling at the site of injection and it felt hot to the touch.
"Site of injection was red, highly swollen and painful."
"IT BURNED LAST EVENING AFTER SHE GOT THE SHOT, WHEN SHE TOOK OFF THE BANDAID IT WAS RED. TODAY THERE IS A RED SPOT WITH MINOR BRUISING."
"Hypersensitive skin on back and underside of arm. Clothes and goosebumps feel mildly painful. Persistent dull pain in arm, armpit, shoulder blade, and chest. Intense pain on left side of arm and left side of arm pit when touched. Intermittent stabbing pain in underside of arm and shoulder. Pain from armpit radiates down into chest. Pain from shoulder radiates across back and up the neck. Occasional burning sensation in shoulder blade and up neck."
"PT COMPLAINED OF HALLUCINATING. COMPLAINED OF PAIN AT INJECTION SITE, SHE DIDN'T KNOW WHERE SHE WAS OR WHO SHE WAS WITH, SHE FELT TIRED, TALKING OUT OF HEAD, HAD RASH AROUND INJECTION SITE."
Local swelling erythema induration.
"1:10 pm Pt. received influenza vaccine to right deltoid. 1:13 om on her way back to her desk while in elevator pt. felt """"dizziness"""" """"nausea"""" and like her right pinky was """"falling asleep"""". Pt. walked back to clinic and immediately assisted to exam room and to lay down. BP 90/60, HR 63 req. exam unremarkable. Pt monitored closely, given water. Blood glucose 128. S/s resolved except for the sensation of her right pinky """"falling asleep."""" No weakness or skin discoloration. Ne edema or erythema at injection site. Sensation in fact to B/L hands. Pt will monitor s/s and I will f/u tomorrow. BP improved to 100/60, HR 74 bpm reg. D/C at 220 om."""""
Patient received PNEUMOVAX vaccination that had expired the previous month. Administering Rph contacted Merck manf and was informed vaccine was still stable and full immunization effect would be achieved. Called pt. to inform and pt reported no adverse effects.
24 hours after receiving flu host (2 Oct 2015) I noticed a red area at the injection site of my right arm. Also some pruritis at injection site/right arm.
"Evening of injection noticed large lump under skin. Next morning large red, warm circle around injection site. Later that evening the spot became very itchy."
"No problems until the 29th (Day after shot) got very red and had a fever in arm, got very itchy and sore and was swollen, bumped up."
Arm started tingling and had numbness in arm.
"Immediately after administration of HD Flu vaccine pt's injection site swelled to about the size of a golf ball. Pt went to urgent care and was told it was nothing to worry about, a nerve was possibly hit. Swelling decreased and pt was fine."
"Dad called 2hr after received FLUZONE .25 ml and stated child had a rash, red, raised and whelpy. Instructed to give BENADRYL 1/2 tsp every 6h. Seen this AM due to rash worse."
Left deltoid pain radiating into shoulder and neck. Arm weakness and muscle twitching. Referral to Occ. Med. thru work comp.
Pt received flu shot on 9/25/15. She stated she went to ER on 9/30/15 with heart flutter and low potassium levels. She was released the same day. She followed up with cardiologist; per pt cardiologist does not think it is related to flu shot but pt thinks it is and wants to be reported.
"Patient's caregiver complained of redness and swelling around injection site, about the size of 2 fists."
"Patient received FLUZONE on 10/9/15 at approx. 11 a.m. then 6 hours later woke up from nap with itching and hives over neck, arms, which then spread to trunk, legs. Went to urgent care given DEXPAK and advised BENADRYL prn."
"C/o, 3 inch x 5 inch patch of red raised skin on upper arm below point of injection. Husband had same reaction. Gone in 4 days."
C/o 3 inch by 5 inch patch of red raised skin on upper arm below point of injection. Wife had same reaction. Gone in 4 days.
Received FLUZONE HD on Sunday. Arm was sore and red rash developed 2 days later. Also feels warm to touch. Pt states it is getting better.
"After the vaccine was given, it was discovered that the high dose vaccine was administered not the preservative free vaccine that was registered."
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of cold in a 60-year-old female patient who received Influenza vaccine. Concurrent medical conditions included systemic lupus erythematosus. Concomitant products included fish oil, PLAQUENIL, Vitamin B12 and Vitamin D. On 4th October 2015, the patient received Influenza vaccine. On 4th October 2015, less than a day after receiving Influenza vaccine, the patient experienced cold and flu symptoms. On 6th October 2015, the patient experienced nasal congestion and feelings of weakness. On an unknown date, the outcome of the cold, flu symptoms, nasal congestion and feelings of weakness were not recovered/not resolved. The reporter considered the cold, flu symptoms, nasal congestion and feelings of weakness to be possibly related to Influenza vaccine. Additional details provided were as follows: This case was not previously reported to anyone. This case was reported by the patient herself. The patient also concomitantly received living green multivitamin. The patient reported that, she received a flu vaccine, of an unknown manufacturer at a health fair this past on 4th October 2015. On that day she started felt like she had the flu or a cold. On 6th October 2015, 2 days after vaccination, the patient felt weak and had congestion in her nose. Till the time of reporting, she has not discussed with her physician, but she was encouraged to do so."
"Cough, tightness in chest, headache, fever, itchy, profused generalized rash. (Took TYLENOL, BENADRYL, albuterol Inh). Was given flu shot at 10/08/2015 5:00 PM. On 10/9/15 I had a cough, headache and started to feel achy, tired around 5:00 PM. I noticed the area of IM site was swollen, sore with red area where Band Aid was. I took a shower for aches and noticed the back of my arms were bright red and faint rash on abd, back. I felt hot, itching. My cough became tight/hacking and I felt tightness in my chest. I took TYLENOL, BENADRYL, albuterol Inh and felt better by 1:00 AM. Woke at 4:15 with fever, itchy prickly rash and swollen joints (wrist). Took another TYLENOL, BENADRYL and woke at 10:00 AM better."
"High Fever (102) Muscle aches & pains, sore throat, cough, weakness, light-headed, treatment - Tylenol. As of 10/14/2015 - still experiencing symptoms."
"Fever 101+, dizziness & vomiting."
None stated.
Pain from injection site to elbow as well as redness. Referred to PCP. (Left arm).
Per patient few days after receiving Flu vaccine her arm was red and itchy surrounding the site of injection. Pt seen in our office 10/08 Dr prescribed topical steroid cream (WESTCORT) and ZYRTEC.
"Soreness, redness, some swelling shot was given. The day (after), could not raise arm w/ shot and once my head or from left to right w/ pain (2) days. Also fatigue. On and off w/ hot and cold packs."
Patient reported 2 days after vaccine that her arm began to tingle from the shoulder to the tips of fingers. She stated it was painful nerve pain that was not relieved by OTC medication or muscle rubs.
"Right after giving injections, but before pulling out needle, I noticed area right around injection site swelling. Pt said it did not hurt. I also had other pharmacist on duty look at it. We called the local urgent care they recommended ice and BENADRYL. Pt stayed in pharmacy waiting room about 20 minutes - swelling reduced considerably."
Had cold symptoms. Sharp pain in left shoulder periodically after shot given. Had pain during 1st week after shot.
Patient complains of pain in arm after receiving shot and has persisted to present.
Hives all over body 1 hour after vaccine administration. No anaphylaxis.  Tx: oral loratadine.
"HOT TO TOUCH, SWOLLEN UNDER INJECTION SITE AND RED."
"FROM DAY OF INJECTION UNTIL NOW LEFT SHOULDER DOWN TO FINGERS CONTINUES TO FEEL SORE. ARM FEELS LIKE I SLEPT ON IT AND PERSISTS, TIGHTNESS AND A LITTLE NUMBING AT TIMES."
Left axillary pain and swelling.
"Extreme pain in lower left back which migrated, over the next 36 hours to the middle lower abdomen. Accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and inability to consume even water without vomiting."
"Received flu vaccine from pharmacy pharmacist. Injection given wrong site, (R) mid upper arm.  Local reaction of erythema 7.5 cm x 8.5 cm - irregular shape, increased warm at site and painful."
Fine 1st day. Went to doctor had pain in left deltoid. Dr. felt nerve was hit when given shot.  Still have pain and stiffness.
"This spontaneous report was received from a consumer referring to an 80 year old male patient with Parkinson's disease, and pituitary tumour. On 01-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of PNEUMOVAX (manufacturer unknown) (lot # and expiry date not reported). On the same day the patient was vaccinated with a dose of influenza virus vaccine. Concomitant therapies included ramipril, 5 mg once a day, simvastatin (manufacturer unknown), 20 mg once a day, metoprolol succinate extended release, 50 mg once a day, and aspirin, 81 mg once a day. On 01-OCT-2015, the patient underwent blood work before the vaccinations doses were given to him, but he was not having the results. He had CBC with differential platelet, lipid panel with HDL:LDL ratio, and comprehensive metabolic panel 14. On 02-OCT-2015, the patient experienced at the arm with PNEUMOVAX (manufacturer unknown) shot had a bad reaction to it, it was all red, swollen and spots all over his shoulder on his arm, and he did not feel well. The outcome of limb discomfort, malaise, rash macular, peripheral swelling and erythema was unknown. Additional information has been requested."
"SEVERE GENERALIZED PAIN, DIFFICULTY WALKING DUE TO SEVERE PAIN AND SWELLING, UNCONTROLLABLE DIARRHEA, WEAKNESS."
"First felt a hot electrical shock run down arm to finger tips approximately 2-5 minutes after the shot was completed, then arm became painful and by night numb and hard to lift. Later that night hives and itching at site, the next day started to be able to use arm again, day 3 painful arm and some redness/itching on upper arm."
"Chills, cold sweat, whole body shivers, then felt like I was burning up. No fever recorded."
"Sore throat, aches, fatigue, fever, dizziness, weakness, chills and shivering."
"Very painful initial shot followed by continued pain in the arm/shoulder for 3 weeks at the current time ... pain is less now, but still ongoing."
"Within 5-6 hrs difficulty lifting. It's been ongoing pain. Getting less, but still bothering patient. Left arm shoulder. Still difficulty to sleep on that side."
Right upper arm w/ 4.5 cm x 4.5 cm w/erythematous patch slightly warm.
Went into pharmacy and pharmacist never asked about current meds. I had no literature presented to me before shot. I asked her questions and then she mentioned that TYLENOL has a drug interaction with vaccine. I told her I took LORTAB which has TYLENOL but she did not know what to say as to whether there will be an interaction.  I also asked her whether to take Flu and Pneumonia vaccine together or separately; she did not provide a good response. I decided to take the 2 of them. I had a prescription to receive the over 65 years pneumonia however IÆm not sure whether I received the correct one since when I got home I reviewed the paperwork and it specified it was for the pneumonia vaccine for 65 and under. I called another pharmacy to ask about the interaction between LORTAB/TYLENOL and the vaccines but the staff specified they did not know. At night the pain began I and tried to take deep breaths to help control the pain but it did not work. Did not have problems with the Flu but had problems with the pneumonia vaccine. Patient usually goes to the bathroom often at one but at one point had sharp pain in the left part of the neck but ignored it and went to sleep. 90 minutes later got up to the bathroom and had shooting pain in the whole back all the way to the buttocks. Patient put blanket on and lay flat which helped back a little. I had to take LORTAB by midnight and some more by 6am. Right now still has pain but not as severe. She also had a soft stomach with these issues. At this point not sure when can start taking LORTAB again but is following up with doctor.
"Left arm 4.5 x 5 cm erythematous, warmth."
"First induration at vaccination site, then fine papular eruptions over upper arms, chest, back and bilateral breasts."
Spreading rash that hurts and itches.
Patient was given Flu vaccine 0.50ml instead of 0.25ml that is recommended for children 3 years and under.
Patient received another flu shot at local pharmacy.  She did not have any adverse events but we felt this warranted reporting.
"10:00 AM: FACE FLUSHED, THROAT MODERATELY SWOLLEN & RED. 3:40 PM: DIZZINESS; TACHYCARDIA."
"Patient started feeling sinus pressure, followed by uncontrollable sneezing and copious nasal discharge. Patient then had trouble breathing (chest tightness) and used 4 doses of Ventolin, which helped somewhat. This was followed by """"painful throbbing"""" in the head. When patient woke up next morning, patient felt better, but still fatigued."""""
Bruising at injection site.
Got vaccine this am. Within a few hours developed pain and swelling at injection site. Also got flu shot in other arm.
"Dizzy, lightheaded, muscle weakness/tingling, swollen/burning/itchy lips and mouth, tightness and difficulty breathing."
"Patient had severe arm pain, not only at injection site, but entire arm. She was not able to lift her arm or use her arm for everyday activities. There was no visible swelling or redness at injection site. She was not able to sleep at night. She did not have a headache. The extreme arm pain lasted 2 days, then she felt fatigued for the next 2 days, by the 5th day she felt fine."
"Pain in arm """"like I had been punched"""" with continued pain in are followed by numbness and tingling in hands and fingers (ongoing)."""""
"Hives & welts on face, around mouth and nose red and swollen."
"Difficulty swallowing, itch/scratchy throat."
"Raised, inflamed area around injection site. Will see Dr. if not going down today."
Patient felt cold and very weak. His wife called 911 and was taken to the hospital. Blood pressure and blood glucose were elevated.
"Pain in left shoulder, difficulty sleeping, onset 10/06/2015 evening. On 10/08/2015 patient was in clinic for administration of son's flu shot, and relays clinic nurse said her flu shot had been administered high. On 10/12/2015 patient spoke with PHN re: left shoulder pain, no swelling or redness, was advised to come back if experiences tingling. Last night 10/13/15 patient states numbness & tingling started, down left arm to hand/fingers. This morning 10/14/15 patient saw another PHN- ice was applied for swelling of left shoulder; advised to see doctor. Patient saw doctor today (10/14/15) afternoon, was prescribed Flexeril, Neurontin, Tylenol-Codeine. To return to doctor Monday, 10/19/15 if no improvement. Note: I have it documented that patient's flu shot was administered in Right Deltoid on 10/06/2015."
Rash and persistent soreness that continued for 15 days.
"Started to itch last night, woke up in the middle of the night with a slight rash on the neck. This am noticed rash on back and sides, right thigh, stomach. No pus, it is not raised and is just red and itchy. Pt has not taken any meds and was advised by rph to take an antihistamine and to call 911/go to ER if symptoms worsen or if there is difficulty breathing."
Arm pain at site of injections (left and right). Generalized weakness and aching. Possible low-grade fever overnight with increased urinary frequency. Generalized weakness and aching on day 2.
Hives on abdomen and back.
Headache and vomiting.
"Limited range of motion of left arm.  Unable to sleep on left side.  Red welt - 6"""" x 2"""" about 2"""" below injection site for 3 days.  Moderate joint pain, even in toes and fingers. Took Aleve to relieve pain and iced red area.  10/14/2015 redness was gone and pain in arm and joints finally subsided."""""
"3/4"""" Swelling, very hard & red, painful, hard for 3 days. after 3 days fever of 100, day 4 better with some swelling and achiness, by Day 5 resolved."""""
Patient received Prevnar 13 on 10-8.  The next day redness started at site on right arm and continued to get larger.  Came to pharmacy on 10/14 and redness was from shoulder to elbow.  Saw Dr and was prescribed doxycycline and Medrol DP and was advised to also get some Benadryl. Patient also stated there was previously some feeling of swelling in the mouth and throat area but that had subsided.
"Vomiting, Nausea, Fever (102.5) Chills, given 1000mg Tylenol every 6 hours for 2 days."
"Hives and swelling of bilateral feet, ankles, lower legs, and hands. Pain to joints including the ankles, knees, hips, back, wrists, and elbows. Hospitalized on Monday 10/12/15 @ 08:15 was given IM prednisone, Oral prednisone, 25 mg Benadryl, and Pepcid. Diagnosed with urticaria and joint inflammation."
Pt presented to the pharmacy 8 hours later with two red eyes.
"Patient had high dose last year with no reaction. Patient had high dose flu shot and was ok for about 3 days, then started to show sign of bruises and then there was a bump around the area where the shot was administered. Patient patient to take Benadryl and Tylenol. Patient did not realize the bruise was there until she saw it in the mirror. It is not painful but if she presses it, the pain occurs. She was ok, just to let us know. We gave patient a box of #24 generic allergy relief Benadryl and a box of cold compresses. Told patient to come back to see us in a few days for us to follow up. She was fine with us handling the situation."
Patient called pharmacy around 4:15pm and said that her arm was really sore. She described it as her entire arm being sore. Vaccine administrator recommended that the patient take some OTC pain reliever and to follow up with us on 10/15/15 if the pain continued.
"Spreading redness, and swelling in left upper arm, fever. Dr. has diagnosed cellulitis."
Temperature of 102.6 degrees F.
I found a large lump under left armpit. Very tender. Same arm as injection.
"Tingling, itching numbness ache down area of arm all the way to thumb."
"Sore, aching, left arm and large red area below injection site for seven days."
"Started with headache, sore throat, coughing, congestion, diarrhea, fever 102, dizziness, sore muscles and joints."
RADIATING ACHE AND PAIN FROM ELBOW TO SHOULDER.  AFTER 2 WEEKS PAIN CONTINUES AND IS NOW CAUSING SOME NECK PAIN.  PRESCRIBED PREDNISONE 20 MG BY DOCTOR FOR 8 DAYS.  MID TREATMENT (DAY 3) AS OF THIS WRITING WITH 80% RELIEF.
"Hives on arm  that received injection, chills, cough, chest pain when coughing, sore throat general aches all over."
"Temp spike to 103.8 - Advil given, generalized body aches. Unable to even get out of bed. Fever continued despite Advil, became dehydrated and needed IVF. Antibiotics and steroids started by MD."
Rash on upper chest and back and itching.  Have not reported reaction to primary care doctor.
Approx. 5-6 hrs later felt palpatations. Lasted 4 hrs.
"Patient said shot given in joint. Right arm deltoid region. Felt pain immediately. Still have joint, shoulder pain currently."
Shoulder hurt initially. About a day later couldn't lift shoulder or arm. Cannot sleep on left side. Still pain and stiffness in shoulder.
"Warm, maculopapular rash, non-pruritic. Advised treatment with ibuprofen and cool compresses to area. Rash noticed approximately 48 hours after vaccine administration."
Left arm redness warm to touch. Diagnosis: Cellulitis Tx with Cephalexin 250 mg/5 mL bid x 10 days.
Pt. called on 10/12/15 states she received GARDASIL 9 one week ago and c/o quarter size lump on left arm.
Swollen eyes. Swollen/sore (R) deltoid.
Local swelling/redness/itching achyness.
Diffuse erythematous rash on lateral (L) upper arm with central clearing. Mild scaling at border. Hydrocortisone apply twice a day prn.
Aprox 30-45 min after receiving my flu shot my lip and throat became itchy and my lip were slightly swollen. Took BENADRYL 50 mg all symptoms resolved.
"Pt reports 101 fever, body ache, arm/shoulder/neck pain/immobility to raise arm/also b/L knee pain (s/p knee replacement). Also reported to PCP."
Patient report adverse reaction to vaccination FLUZONE-HD and PREVNAR 13. Pt said she had severe diarrhea following the vaccine administration.
Pt had swelling in arm felt dizzy and heart racing and nausea.
Difficult breathing. Chest pains. Aches in whole body. Difficult sleeping had to use oxygen continuously for 2 weeks.
"Began with chills, increasing in intensity after 2 hours or so, followed by high body temperature, aching joints, nausea (vomiting just prevented by self control around 11 PM) and accompanied by disorientation and confusion toward the end of the reaction (12-2 AM). Symptoms began to recede by 2 or 3 AM, leaving a lingering headache behind the eyes; took 650 mg acetaminophen. By late morning (10/15/2015) was back more or less to normal. Having had flu in past years, I can describe the symptoms here as equivalent to a 2-3 day flu episode compressed into a few hours: chills, high temperature, some aching joints and nausea."
Vesicle like lesions appeared at the deltoid area 2.5cm around shot location. And 'extension' above left antecubital similar smaller area of erythema base w/slight rise of vesicle like lesions.
Pregnant patient administered flu shot.
Red non-raised rash below the site of injection.
"Started with rash on lower back; by morning it had spread to abdomen, arms and legs - none on head. No breathing probs (+) itch. Has had flu vax for past 15 yrs (12 at DOH). No fever, no swelling, on forearms only had blister-like spots. Saw PCP - given hydroxyzine pills for itch."
"Soon after vaccine, patient complained of feeling lump at injection site and funny taste in mouth. She became light headed and warm. Patient was given cool compress and took a dose of BENADRYL after EMS arrived. Symptoms subsided within 30 minutes."
"Right arm pain, numbness up to neck. Right side of facial numbness and headache numbness of hands/fingers. Pain radiated down arm."
Patient had 10x10 cm erythema on left upper arm where vaccine was given. No anaphylaxis. Hydroxyzine 10mg tabs given for 3-5 days. Desonide 0.05% BID x 10 days.
"Nausea, diarrhea, HA, fatigue, lightheadedness, general malaise, hives."
"Pt started with fever, chills and rash and soreness on the arm where he got the FLUZONE and PNEUMOVAX shot. Pt saw MD for it and MD having ptt watch the area if redness is spreading or not. Pt will follow up w/MD."
PATIENT HAD A STREAM OF BLOOD DOWN HER ARM UPON REMOVING SYRINGE AND SWOLLEN AREA/KNOT APPREARED WITH SLIGHT BRUISING LOOK.
"Pain in shoulder, arm and elbow. Swelling and redness."
The patient bled slightly upon immunization. About an hour later she noticed some bleeding under her skin. She returned to pharmacy approx 5:15 PM. She was instructed to apply pressure and seek medical attention if bleeding got worse. The patient was asked to return to pharmacy the next day. The arm looked better but I still contacted her physician due to her coumadin therapy. The doctor ordered a PT/INR and will adjust coumadin accordingly.
"I received the flu vaccine, working on health care. I developed chills, body aches, Headaches, diarrhea, mild fever. I took Tylenol to alleviate the symptoms."
"Patient stated she experienced congestion, hoarse throat and redness of eyes."
"Cellulitis, left upper arm."
Area of injection site is bruised.
Patient reported extreme redness in a large circumference on the arm where Prevnar was administered. She also has some injection site pain but no impaired mobility.
"Pain in shoulders, hands, elbows, feet (bottoms) (""""every joint in body"""")."""""
Numbness in Rt hand (fingers) which was the arm used for injection. Pt also reports being diagnosed w/ lupus in September. Pt took some BENADRYL on 10/14 per RPh reported that was helping.
"Pain, bruising, warm to touch, swelling at injection site."
Bruise on left arm and nerve damage in left leg.
"Pain, bruising, swelling, warm to touch."
"Bruising, swelling, pain radiating from injection site to hand."
Patient called the morning following vaccine and complained of fever/chills/nausea and tenderness and swelling at injection site.
"This spontaneous report was received from a 56 year old male patient (field representative) regarding himself. The patient did not have any pertinent medical history or drug allergies. On 29-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX, (1 vial, route unspecified, batch number-L00049, Expiry date-08-MAR-2016). The pharmacist is the one who was administered the ZOSTAVAX. Other suspect therapies included FLUARIX. The patient was on some unspecified concomitant medications. On 27-SEP-2015, 61 days after onset of therapy the patient developed fever, headache, swollen glands and a creepy crawly sensation. No laboratory tests were performed. On 01-OCT-2015 he was diagnosed with shingles and was treated with Famdiclvir, Prednisolone, TYLENOL and NAPROXEN (dosing regimens and manufacturers unspecified). It was also reported that the field representative was under duress because he was the patient. No product Quality Complaint (PQC) was involved. Cancer and overdose were not reported. The outcome of the event was reported as recovered/resolving. The causality assessment was not provided. Additional information has been requested."
Pt. had complaints of throat closing/difficulty breathing within 5-10 minutes of receiving Flu vaccine gave 1 EPIPEN. Recovered ok.
"By 8 pm had chills, fever (did not take temp), pain from neck to lower back worse than usual chronic pain. Urination frequency increased and becasue of pain in back it."
"Bruise at injection site. Pain on 2nd day unable to move arm w/o intense pain. Starting to get better today (10/13/15). No fever, no inflammation otherwise okay."
"Swelling extreme sharp pain - right arm limited range of motion, tightness pain upper right arm."
"At the time of injection she was alert & oriented around 1 pm she returned starting to feel hot with noticable redness around face, hands, knees, and elbows, also reports feeling of itchiness. Notified of occurring incident were RN, DON and another. Employee stated she would go to a emergency walk in clinic. Employee was looked completely over, assessed locations for redness, hives, warmth, no first aid measures taken by myself or any other employee at this time. Employee sought care from a walk in clinic."
Redness and swelling at the injection site - R deltoid - patient describes itching.
"Patient received flu shot with PPSV23. The following day, the patient developed a fever, hives that covered her body, and neck pain. She visited her doctor and the symptoms began to resolve in less than 48 hours."
"WHEN WALKING OUT OF CLINIC, HAD A SENSATION OF HEAVINESS STEMMING FROM INJECTION SITE ACROSS SCAPULA TO LEFT SHOULDER.  SENSATION DISSIPATED ALMOST IMMEDIATELY. SAME EXACT ONSET 3 DAYS LATER AND AGAIN 1 WEEK LATER.  YESTERDAY (10/14/15), SAME SYMPTOMS, BUT AFTER RADIATED ACROSS SCAPULA, RADIATED ACROSS FRONT OF CHEST AND DOWN RIGHT ARM.  CLIENT FELT A """"PANIC"""" FEELING BUT THAT WENT AWAY AFTER A FEW MINUTES. RN DISCUSSED CONCERNS FOR HEART SYMPTOMS AND CLIENT STATED SHE HAD FULL WORK UP @ CARDIOLOGIST AS PART OF REGULARLY SCHEDULED APPT (FOR UNSTABLE ANGINA)."""""
"4 HOURS AFTER SHE GOT HER VACCINE AFTER DINNER SHE HAD A BAD HEADACHE, CHILLS, SHAKING, WEAKNESS, ACHES AND VOMITING."
"Soreness, can't left her arm, chills."
"Started running a low-grade fever and been running one consistently for over a week. Feel generally weak, somewhat disoriented and not well AT ALL! What the heck are those people putting in the flu vaccine this year?!"
"Initially there was a red dot at injection site.  The next day it got more red and the area enlarged and started to itch.  By 10/15/15 the area was about 3.5"""" x 2.5"""" and very itchy."""""
"In right arm pt was administered flu shot and pneumonia shot. Arm was shown to me on 10/15/15. Arm was red, warm and swollen.  Pt also reported fever on 10/10/15."
"Fever, cough, tested positive for influenza A/B."
Fever (100.8) extreme chills with shivering lasting several hours.
"Patient developed Broncho and Laryngo spasm, hypertension, pulse 108 and difficulty breathing. .03 ephinephrine was administered after shot and resolved."
"On Tuesday the 13th I developed a sore throat.  Wednesday the 14th - sore throat, fatigue, and itching eyes.  Thursday the 15th - fever/chills, fatigue, headache, runny nose."
"Major Headache. Nausea. Rash around injection site. Lasted for 48 hours. Treatment was sleep and naproxen, lots of water, and some Gatorade."
"Slight swelling from injection site (RA) down to the elbow on back/side of arm, Warm to touch. Patient noticed the next morning and took Benadryl for the time until she came into pharmacy on 10/16/15 where she talked with me about interaction, I notified MD and told her to continue with Benadryl and to see doctor if anything gets worse or does not get better. MD suggested that the patient needed to come in only if the patient felt the need and did not require being seen."
At a bought 10:30 AM I felt the usual symptom shoulder aches. At around 12:30 PM my shoulder and scapula became sore then it quicly progressed to my left back thoracic side. It was painful to move my left side and it also hurt to inhale. I was scrubbed in surgery and 2 doctors noticed that there was something wrong. The surgeon asked me a couple of questions and stated that my words were slurring and that I needed to excused from my duties. The injection site was on my left upper arm. My right side was not affected at anytime.
"Pt has a erythema around injection site (about 1.5"""" - 2"""" in diameter).  Pt reports itchiness, swelling, redness, and tenderness at the injection site. No fever."""""
"Redness, itchiness at injection site, not localized."
Patient came into the pharmacy today and showed us a raised red area at the injection site. Patient said it hurt but did not itch and it had a bruise as well. Patient did not seek medical treatment.
"Patients lymph nodes were swollen on the left side, same as injection site. Location was on the neck. Contrast dye indicated nodules."
"Headache, pain across forehead, at back of head, down back of neck, shoulders, fever 99deg F insomnia, nausea - redness and warm at site of injection - I recommended pt to contact her physician, and with pt approval, I contacted her physician and relayed all information to his assistant."
"Left arm is painful in the area of shot 9 days after the shot, can't put any pressure on it, can't sleep on it. VERY SORE ARM and there is weakness in the arm to lift."
"Weak, tired, shaky, nose running that evening. Slightly sore throat. Oct. 13: Fever was 101.8, vomited, weak, shaky, flushed face, nose running, lungs very congested and noisy, cannot clear mucus out of them. Very short of breath, on oxygen 4 lpm. at home. Multiple bowel movements that night. Oct. 14: Fever 100.4, face flushed and swollen, vomited twice by 5 p.m. Cannot keep food or liquids (soup, Ensure) down. Second vomit: bile. Weak, shaky, lungs very congested, cannot cough out mucus, wheezing, short of breath."
"Diarrhea, sleeplessness, achy, upset stomach."
Intermittent pain in area of injection radiating across deltoid.  At times a burning sensation with tingling down inner and outer forearm.  Occasional pain in upper left shoulder in area of injection.
The patient had bruising on the left arm around the injection site where she received her Pneumovax injection. She also had redness from injection site down to her elbow. It was warm to the touch. The patient also had pain that radiating from the injection site down to the elbow area.
"Pt received Fluzone HD on 9/23/2015. The site of injection still sore, inflammed with flakes. Advised pt to apply ice on site and call her physician."
"Patient attended clinic to receive Flu and HPV-9 dose #2. Mom stated that when received first HPV dose 7/30/2015 patient had nausea and dizziness. Denied any allergies or health problems. Mom stated patient ate lunch before coming to clinic and a juice box was provided prior to vaccine administration. At 1:55pm Flu was administered IM to right deltoid and HPV-9 IM to left deltoid. Immediately after administration patient stated felt ôokö. Patient was told to remain seated. Five (5) minutes after vaccine administration patient lost consciousness and fell out of chair and hit head and right elbow on floor. Patient regained consciousness in less than 30 seconds. Called for assistance and RNs entered room to assist. Patient legs were elevated. Affirmed after questioning that could breathe without difficulty but that right elbow and head ôhurtö. EMS was called at 2:05pm. Ice pack was provided for patient to place on head. EMS arrived at 2:14pm. Upon patient assessment EMS was concerned patient stated he had blurred vision and was having a hard time staying upright in the chair. Patient was transported by EMS to Hospital for futher evaluation at 2:25pm. Mom remained in clinic with other three children and flu shots were administered to her and two other children. Confirmed phone number and told her will call to follow-up tomorrow, 10/16/15."
"The patient had a sore arm and inability to raise it. She iced it and used ibuprofen. The next day the arm became swollen, red and hot to the touch from the administration site to the elbow with a burning type pain. The patient continued to ice, used Benadryl and loratadine and over the course of the next few days the reaction dissipated."
Patient experiences loss of consciousness and seizures within the same minute of recieving immunization.
A RED RASH DEVELOPED AT THE INJECTION SITE WHERE THE PREVNAR 13 WAS ADMINISTERED.
Patient have rash few hours later and feel nausea and vomiting symptoms along with dull pain at the injection site and arm which is more pronounce on moving the arm. Rash resolved 3 to 4 days later but pain is still exising. Using advil to help the pain.
"I awoke with uncontrollable shaking, lasting approx. 4 min.  Internal shaking followed for approx. 15 min.  Body aches, dry mouth, low grade fever and headache followed over the next hour.  Light headedness and general malaise lasted for approx. 12 hours."
"Patient arm turned black and blue and spread across arm. Patient felt fine, no fever, just very black and blue."
Swelling of one side toward back of tongue lasting approximately 45 minutes - no treatment sought; symptoms resolved without medical intervention.
"Patient said he had a very sore right arm for about three days following his two immunizations.  Ten days after administraction, while lifting heavy objects, he experienced a sharp pain in the injection site area.  Since then he periodically experinces sharp pain and numbness, associated with lifting and other work.  As of yet has not sought any medical treatment at the time of reporting (10/15/15)."
"Headache, chills, muscle ache, fever 102 1/2."
Patient received vaccination and approximately two minutes later started to experiance dizziness and nausea. Patient began to actively vomit. Patient did not produce high quantity of emesis. After lying down and receiving cold compress symptoms began to resolve.
"Chills, malaise, pain in arm, stiff neck and welts/rash on injection arm."
"SEVERE UNUSUAL PAIN AT SHOULDERS BILATERALLY. OCT I 7PM UNABLE TO USE EITHER HAND OR FINGERS. SHAKING OF HANDS. OCT 3-8 PROGRESSIVE LOSS OF USE OF ABILITY TO MOVE LEGS. WAS USING CANE THEN WALKER THEN WHEELCHAIR.  DIFFICULT TRANSFER BUT COULD BEAR WT ON FEET IF WE COULD GET HER UP SHE HAD SEVERE LOWER BACK PAIN WITH INABILITY TO STAND THE SLIGHTEST TOUCH SHOULDERS ESPECIALLY LEFT ALSO SEVERE PAIN. THESE SYMPTOMS STABILLIZED PAIN CONTROLLED WITH TRAMADOL. NO FURTHER PROGRESSION HOWEVER HR IRREGULAR, FATIGUE INCREASED WITHOUT BREATHING DISABILITY. SOME IMPROVEMENT NOTED IN USE OF LEFT HAND AND RIGHT FINGERS BUT NO PINCER STRENGTH OR SQUEEZE.  ABILITY TO WALK WITH WALKER HAS NOT RETURNED."
"Throat swelling x 2 minutes starting immediately after administration. Severe body aches including muscles, skin and joints. Temperature rose to a max of 102.5. Syncopal episode."
"Patient called and reported that within 24 hours of injection she had swelling and itching at site of injection. The swelling with redness and itch subsided after 4-5 days. Advised ER if needed, BENADRYL, ice for comfort."
"Hive started at injection site. Swelling, itching, warmth, red skin. Lasting until current >12 hrs even with Benadryl taken."
"Hives starting under right breast, by Thursday 10/15/2015 AM was all over trunk/abodmen/back. Already taking Zyrtec, added Pepcid and Benadryl. Urgent care added steroid injection IM and prednisone 20mg BID * 4 days. Hives have not reduced or gone away as of today 10/16/2015."
Headache and fever.
"Severe fever (103), chills, muscle pain, skin hurt, vomiting."
"Experienced light headedness, cold pale moist facial skin, slight nausea, and had to lie down on floor to prevent fainting for a 10 minutes. Husband came into room and lifted head slightly and give me a piece of banana and a grape for sugar. We took blood pressure with calibrated machine and it was extremely low at 76 over 46. Husband walked me to bed and gave me some salt, felt better in 20 more minutes and BP recovered to 109 over 70."
"Originally, I had severe itching which lead to hives on my entire torso."
"RED, SWOLLEN, WARM TO TOUCH DOWN TO HER ELBOW."
Mild nausa. Severe chills and shakes. Weakness.
"Myalgia and impaired speech, red, lump at injection site, pain at site, right leg weakness."
Skin blister. S.O.B.
Rash/hives from neck to ankles. Started an hour after injection.
"Fatigue, pain at injection site (left arm), spreading to head and down leg. 800 mg Ibuprofen at 7pm. 10/16: Tingling in scalp on left side, face, down to knee, increased soreness in shoulder and neck."
Patient experienced swelling and soreness.  Patient began noticing tingling as week has gone on.  Now her shoulder is numb and throbbing.
Rash around injection site. About size of 50-cent piece.
"Patient was given 3 flu shots by accident. Patient came in with his Mother, and Sister; to all receive their flu shots. Patient was also getting his 4 year old immunizations. (Varicella, DTaP, MMR, and IPV-plus the flu shot- in total 4 shots). MA drew up all of the shots, asked another MA, for assistance to give patient 2 of his shots, and she would give his other 2 shots. MA grabbed the wrong 2 shots from the wrong pocket and gave them to the patient. The incident was recognized immediately, MA asked other MA to step out with her and it was reported to the Dr immediately, and practice administer. The Mother was made aware and was not upset or alarmed at all. She even jokingly stated that he would be protected from the flu for sure this flu season. An incident report was drew up, and MA discussed with Dr., practice administrator, and her fellow MA's what to do to prevent this from happening again."
"Same side as vaccine administered, face and arm have decreased sensation, moderate to severe joint pain, hand grip strength decreased, mild localized swelling around injection site, mild warmth around injection site, no redness noted."
"Felt immobilized, extreme fatigue, slight fever, loss of appetite, and chills. Symptoms lasted about 24-36 hours after vaccination."
"Chills and Fever. Muscle Ache, Sore Throat, Chest congestion, Coughing. Temperture few days later reached 100.0 F. Symptoms continued over a week and still have all symptons. Treated with cough medicine from doctor and decongestant pills."
"Behavior changes. Rage, screaming, kicking walls, hitting. Previously very mellow child with no history of such behavior."
"Patient stated that night of getting flu shot around 8:00pm she starting feeling very chilly and fatigued, which continued through all day the following day. She has since recovered."
"The vaccine was injected on my left arm. In the afternoon, I began feeling pain on the left side of my back side of my body from my neck to my lower back. It was painful and uncomfortable to move my arm and move my neck and back."
Fever and febrile seizure.
"Hives, redness, & itching surrounding injection site on arm, all over back, and down both legs. Took 2 Benadryl."
Patient developed numbness on the right side of her face; The symptoms developed 24 hours after vaccination. She is being treated with prednisone.
Evening of flu shot tongue throat swelling - sore throat - didn't go to urgent care or take any meds. Could breathe laying on side. Swelling decreasing in AM so didn't get checked - had sore throat and mouth up until yesterday 10/14/15 - resolved today 10/15/15.
"Four days after vaccines noted red rash with welt on left arm and trunk. Itchy. No fever, no breathing problems. Called 9-29-15 to report, seems to be getting better."
"Syncope, fainting, sweating, pt stated fear of needles, has happened in the past."
36 yr old was given High Dose flu vaccine reaction unknown. No treatment needed.
"Immediate intense pain in shoulder, sleep disruption, unable to use (R arm. Seen by NP 10/2/15 rx MEDROL dose pack MD visit 10/5 rx ZANAFLEX. MD visit 10/13 MEDROL dose pack and PT shoulder pain and loss of motion continues."
"Vaccine administered approx. 130 pm via IM injection to (L) deltoid. Within 1 hour, patient became dizzy, very weak, and nauseous, and slightly mentally """"Foggy""""."""""
"Patient received flu shot at pharmacy. Came in 3 days later w/redness, swelling, pain around injection site."
"All over body aches night of receiving shot. Day after, large red, swollen, warm area around injection site. Few inches in diameter present today."
"Hives, sore eyes, aches, headache, itching, fatigue, dizzy, sore throat, swollen face, weakness, chills."
Client reports noticed starting getting red on 10/13/15 on the back LA where got shingles shot. It is sore and itches. No improvement or change since first day received immunization. Encourage cool compress and BENADRYL and/or Ibuprofen for itching or soreness. Client to see MD as needed if desires or if no improvement.
"Itching redness around injection site. BENADRYL 50mg given orally, ice applied. Primary MD updated and agreed in treatment and to monitor."
"Pt. started with feeling lightheaded and then feeling like she was """"drunk"""". Stated that she left work, slept it off but felt tired and fatigued for the rest of the weekend."""""
"Received shot 10-2-15 at 1:30pm at pharmacy, 10-4-15 Sunday morning at 5:00am I woke up because my tongue felt funny, I looked at it in the mirror and saw it was swollen and my lips also, I waited till noon then I started to lose my voice so I went to the hosp. When I got to the emergency room I could hardly talk, there the doctor put me on an IV, the hosp report I have enclosed with this info. 10-6-15 I called my Dr and told them what happened, they said if the swallowing had gone down I should be ok, it had so I skipped one day of prednisone 10-7-15, then on 10-8-15 my lips swelled up again so I called Dr up and they had me come in 10-9-15, I had started the last of my prednisone 10-8-15 and by the evening the swallowing had gone down again, on 10-9-15 Dr gave me another script for prednisone and checked me out and said it was a reaction to the flu shot. Sunday 10-4-15 I also developed hives over my entire body, on my back, stomach, armpits, arches, buttocks, legs, top of my feet, rib cage, arms. When I was at the hospital my wrist started to swell up. On 10-3-15, I started coughing, this was around 6:00pm."
"Started getting really hot-feverish/chilling, very weak, shaking really uncontrollably about 12 hours after I got the shot."
Patient said approximately 24 hours after receiving flu vaccine she developed hives that got worse over the course of the day. About 12 hours after developing hives patient passed out twice. 2 days after receiving the vaccine patient went to see PCP.
"Fever 101, myalgias, weakness, local reaction, edema and color."
Pain in shoulder area that just got progressively worse to the extent I could not lift my arm.  Have range of motion now but still have pain while lifting arm.
Participant was given 1 ml flu vaccine instead of required dose of .5ML; over dosage of influenza vaccine.
"Over dosaage was administered to the participant, 1 ML of influenza was given instead of the recommended does of .5ML."
Over Dosage of influenza vaccine was administered to participant. Recommended dose is .5 Ml and 1 ml was administered.
Patient states arm was red and swollen.  She didn't have a fever or rash.  The swelling went all the way down to her elbow.  She didn't take anything for the swelling.  I advised her to go to urgent care/ER.  I called her the following Friday to check up on her and she had developed Cellulitis and is taking antibiotics.
"Over dosage of influenza was administered, recommended dosage is .5ML. 1ML dosage was administered in error."
"Localized redness, pain, swelling on arm site of pneumonia vaccine."
"Over dosage of influenza was administered, recommended dosage is .5ML. 1ML dosage was administered in error."
"PC 10/7/15 -> pinpoint red rash all over, yellow eye discharge - appt for next morning, give TYLENOL/MOTRIN for fever, discomfort, BENADRYL for hs. OV 10/8/15 -> dx with viral exanthem vs MMR reaction - supportive care. PC 10/9/15 -> still crying, fussy, rash but no fever - to give pain reliever - rash will fade and to call if present after 3-4 days - poss. Fifth's disease. 10/10 OV - rash fading - viral exanthem dx. PC 10/12 - hives developed, eyes swollen with discharge. Sent for stat BW."
"This case was reported by a pharmacist via call center representative and described the occurrence of pain in arm in a female patient who received FLUARIX. On 21st September 2015, the patient received FLUARIX. On 21st September 2015, less than a day after receiving FLUARIX, the patient experienced pain in arm, shoulder pain and general body pain. On an unknown date, the outcome of the pain in arm, shoulder pain and general body pain were unknown. The reporter considered the pain in arm, shoulder pain and general body pain to be probably related to FLUARIX. Additional details were received as follows: The patient experienced severe pain in arm, pain in shoulder and body pain. The reporter did not have any further information."
Patient complains of pain in left shoulder and arm (above the elbow) and also tingling sensation.
No reaction on day vaccines were administered 10/15/15 on morning 10/16/15 patient called to report her left cheek seemed swollen and some numbness on left cheek and her back was itchy. No other symptoms. No reaction at injection site.
Approximately two hours after administering Prevnar and Fluzone High Dose the patient experienced excessive coughing.
"Patient stated she had headaches, fever and sore arm for 2 days."
"Noticed swelling, redness, and itching."
Mild constant Dizziness. Nausea a couple of times the first night.
"Patient developed significant swell at area of vaccine administration on date of administration that became gradually larger, painful and erythematous."
Swelling of arm around injection site redness and a ring around injection site.
Patient experienced bruising the following morning that lasted for about 5 days.
"All over muscle aches. Back pain located in lumbar region. Common cold symptoms such as stuffy nose, headache and fatigue. Drowsiness. Unclear thoughts."
"About 30 minutes or so after receiving the flu shot I started feeling like my heart was racing and lightheaded.  I felt like there was a brick on chest. I was also really weak.  I got home around 3 and immediately layed down.  When I woke up my throat felt like it was swelling.  My heart was still racing and I was uncomfortabley jittery.  I took both my blood pressure and pulse, which were both elevated.  I got scared and called my husbands' parents (my father in law is a nurse).  I took 2 Benadryl and some Nasacort.  My husbands parents then came over to deliver an Epipen and watch out for me.  As the Benadryl started to work my blood pressure and pulse went down.  My throat still felt consticted but it wasn't getting worse.  When I woke up the next morning my throat didn't feel as constricted but was real sore.  Felt jittery till about 1:00PM that afternoon."
"Within 30 seconds of receiving a flu vaccine at a drive thru flu clinic, the patient became lightheaded.  He pulled his vehicle to the side of the traffic lane. Approximately 90 seconds later the patient lost consciousness.  He was with a trained medical responder, who called for assistance.  His vitals were taken and a physician was immediately on site and examined him.  He determined this was a vaso-vagal reaction.  Patient stated he has had issues with being light headed with previous medical procedures involving needles."
"Patient received his HD flu shot 10/7/2015. at 5:40pm patient and wife showed up at clinic c/u inability to move bilateral legs at home, increased sweating, chest pain, and dyspnea. 911 called and patient transferred to ER."
"Left arm pain more than the usual annual flu shot. Having the symptoms of a heart attack (arm pain extending all the way down) without the sweating or indigestion. Eventual discomfort and mild pain from extending arm upward, outward or inward.  Today is the 16 and mild pain and discomfort when raising left arm."
"Pt developed red rash w/ itching and pain and swelling, pt reported said event 8 days after injection and went to doctor. Doctor stated it was due to contamination at injection site and gave cephalexin."
"PAIN AND NUMBNESS TO LEFT SHOULDER, NECK AREA WITH NUMBNESS TO LEFT ARM AND RADIATING TO LEFT SIDE OF FACE. THE NEXT MORNING LEFT LEG AND ARM NUMBNESS WITH BURNING PAIN AND WEAKNESS TO BOTH LEFT ARM AND LEFT LEG.  NUMBNESS AND WEAKNESS PERSISTING AND ON 10/15/2015 RIGHT ARM AND RIGHT LEG WITH NUMBNESS AND WEAKNESS."
"Nausea, stomach cramps, fatigue, hot/cold, feeling """"floaty"""" - feeling a little better today (10/17/2015) but still not 100%."""""
"Nausea, vomiting, abdominal discomfort, diarrhea, headache, elevated temperature, muscle soreness at site, general malaise. Symptoms abated by next morning. Treated with antacids and fluids and Tylenol."
"Lump in throat making it difficult to swallow.  Breathing ok.  Felt like something stuck in throat. Extremely bloodshot, watery eyes.  Slight fever. Exhaustion and lethargy."
"Scratchy throat with cough, blood shot eyes that were tearing, extreme headache, feverish and body ache."
"Feeling fatigued, dizziness; approximately 2 hours later started having severe chills, shaking alternately with fever 103 degrees...went to sleep and woke up at 11:00 pm with 165/ 107 BP; took BP meds and aspirin and went back to sleep....4:00 am woke up with severe headache, took Hydroco/apap 5-325M Tab Amne went back to sleep. Woke up at 7:30 am (10/17/2015) feeling weak but much better.  At 11:54 am I am improving.  When this event got to the fever/chills/high BP stage, I considered going to the ER but was too sick to go. I do not know if this event was life threatening but I felt like it was at the time."
Red blotchy areas on arm not at immunization site; possibly hardened area.
"Swelling, redness, pain where shot was given. Redness, swelling rash on face. Redness and soreness at site and itching on face still present 5 days later."
"Severe pain in shoulder and entire upper arm on the day of the injection (9/28), worsened through 10/1. Unable to touch upper arm or lift it, required assistance showering and getting dressed. Morning of 9/30 a large rash appeared on my upper arm, not at the site of the injection but about 5 inches below. Swollen, bright red, extremely tender to the touch, about the size of the palm of my hand. Evening of 9/30 the rash had doubled in size on my arm, still below the injection site. Notified my doctor so we could monitor over a digital platform, sent him pictures and descriptions. Morning of 10/1 the rash had again doubled in size covering half of my upper arm, now a darker red, still extremely swollen and very tender. Evening of 10/1 the rash had increased in size, covering over half of my arm. Pain and swelling the same. Evening of 10/2 the rash covered about 3/4 of my upper arm, but the swelling, red color and pain was not as intense as previous days. Morning of 10/3 the rash and pain appeared to be fading, continued to do so over the next couple of days until it ceased entirely on 10/7."
"Headache, muscle tension in neck and back lasting for 72 hours. 10/14/2015 in afternoon red, patchy rash develops on legs and torso. Rash continued to spread for approximately 24 hours, to arms and neck."
Pt woke up with a UTI around 3am that went away in the morning.
Cold/Flu like symptoms.  Itchy feeling all over her face and body.
"Patient reported headache, clamminess, feeling of being """"hot inside"""" but no fever, increased pulse and heart rate."""""
Patient described feeling cold to the touch on her arm from the shoulder to the elbow on the arm receiving the vaccination ever since getting the Fluzone-HD vaccine last year and has continued even today and feels the same after being vaccinated this year.
SORENESS UNDER ARM AND LEFT BREAST. AREA UNDER ARM FELT KIND OF WARM. COULDN'T SLEEP ON THE LEFT SIDE.
Pt had a flu shot and felt bone pain upon the administration of vaccine. Patient went home and waited for a few days and the pain still persisted. Patient returned to the store 2 weeks later with complaints of pain and some limited mobility in the left arm.
Patient stated his face turned red and he ran 102 degree fever the evening after getting the flu shot.  States he wasn't sure if it was the shot or something else he may have gotten into that caused the reaction.  Stated the reaction was gone by the next day.
"10/17/15 Patient came in and stated about an hour after receiving the flu shot (Fluzone High-Dose), her arms kept twitching in a """"palms facing up then palms facing down manner"""", shooting sensation up and down the spine, and difficulty breathing. Patient was unable to call for help due to the twitching. The symptoms ended about an hour after they started. She had a consultation with a physician (for an unrelated reason) and mentioned these symptoms. The MD thought it could be Guillain-Barre. The patient is following up with her Primary Care Physician this week. When asked if the patient was """"feeling sick"""" or had an infection she stated that she thought she may have had a UTI the Monday before and that the MD was awaiting culture results."""""
Patient developed acute pain at injection site (of Prevnar injection) that radiated down the arm and worsened over several days.  She presented to the pharmacy where immunization had been administered on 10/16/15 and mentioned the reaction to me.  By that time she had developed a red area covering most of her upper arm that was painful and warm to the touch. I recommended that she call her PCP.  She was examined by PCP that day and diagnosed with cellulitis and was started on a course of antibiotics.
"Patient experienced cramps, nausea, vomiting, chills, sweating and an all over tired feeling."
"Watery/itchy eyes, wheezing, difficulty breathing, difficulty swallowing, excessive coughing, severe sore/swelling throat, like it is closing up."
Patient came in 1 week later to show me a large brusing area (4x4ish) where the shot was given. Must have been a reaction as the area too large for trauma from needle. Was healing never bothered patient but he noticed it. Never itched or hurt per patient.
Patient had a red rash the size of a baseball surronding the injection site. Patient reported no swelling and no pain except some muscle soreness right where the needle entered her arm.
"Local reaction with bruising """"green color"""" on arm.  On 10/17/2015, patient returns with resolved bruising but tenderness remains."""""
"10/01/15: Day 1; Weight: 184 lbs; 3:00pm Received vaccine; 8:00pm Reactions began: 102F fever, Choking, Unable to swallow (except liquids); 11:00pm Went to bed. Unable to sleep, pain in stomach; unable to lay on side or on my stomach pain persisted through the night, no sleep. 10/02/15: Day 2; Unable to eat, attempted to eat 1/2 banana, but no success. Unable to eat anything for the rest of the day. Persistent abdominal pain and dizziness lasting all day. 10/03/15: Day 3; Fried 2 eggs in morning, but barely managed to eat one. Throat feels as though it is swollen shut. Able to drink liquids with some difficulty. 10/04/15: Day 4; Made a bland smoothie, less constriction on my throat, however, the smoothie felt as though it wasnÆt passing into my stomach. It felt like there was no peristalsis. 10/05/15: Day 5; First bowel movement since vaccine date. Stools were black, tarry and loose. Diarrhea quickly developed. 10/06/15: Day 6; Weight: 175 lbs; Continuing black, tarry diarrhea. 10/07/15: Day 7; Woke up quite hungry and cooked 4 eggs over easy. Painful swallowing so I only was able to eat 2 of the 4 eggs.  I bought protein powder to make a smoothie, which I was able to drink successfully. 10/08/15: Day 8; Woke up and noticed a thick, heavy, white coating on my tongue, which prompted me to go purchase probiotic capsules called Culterelle, of which I took 2. No change in my stools, still black, tarry and loose. 10/09/15: Day 9; Fried up 3 eggs and boiled white rice in the morning. I was able to eat this meal, but it was the only meal I was able to have that day. 10/10/15: Day 10; Stools return to normal. However, noticing pain in my kidneys and lower back developing. 10/11/15-10/13/15 Days 11-13; Weight: 177 lbs; Stools remain normal, 2 pounds gained. 10/17/15: Day 17; Experiencing afternoon headache and noticeable discomfort in left side of chest and what feels to be heart minor heart palpitations."
"After 4 days arm is still swollen, red and painful.  She believes she had a reaction to vaccine."
"Turned pale, fainted but slightly conscious."
"Swelling, redness, and hot to the touch radiating down her arm. Pt says the area has been growing this this morning. The area is away from the injection site. Pt is afebrile and reports no other symptoms."
Since I am over 65 this year they gave me the super flu shot. I started feeling sick with chills and fever of 100 about dinner time. I took Tylenol for fever but couldn't sleep all night. My fever spiked to almost 103 at 3 am. Took more Tylenol. Next day I am feeling very weak with slight fever. Still taking Tylenol. My previous regular flu shots I would sometimes feel chills and get slight fever. This super flu shot made me very sick with a dangerously high fever. I was almost ready to go to the hospital. People should be told that the super flu shot can have very bad side effects. I will not get the super flu shot ever again since this is as bad as having the flu. I might take the regular shot next year.
"Severe pain in left arm, radiating from deep in shoulder joint and to elbow, and all the way down the arm, to the fingers.  Strongest pain in first few days.  Pain is now less but there is still sharp pain across front of arm from shoulder to above the elbow, which feels like tendon or muscle pain but if very sharp, and lingers.  This happens if I lift arm up too far or also if I use the muscle required to pull my pants up. I also experienced many of the other side effects for the first 3 days and they subsided.  I had a pnuemonia vaccine in 2000 and had 3 days of side effects, including severe arm pain, but then it subsided. This time it was much worse and it has not gone away yet.  I will be making an appointment to see a doctor if it does not go away.  If this is considered to be a normal and acceptable side effect I think there needs to be a better warning of the possibility it might occur, especially for those that have had it before."
"Chills, fever 102, swelling of vaccinations its (right arm), increasing pain and redness over next 2 days. Redness and pain spread down arm."
"Bruising, swelling, redness of injection site."
"Legs felt as if I couldn't pick them up...weighed 500 pounds each. Headache, severe and progressed to worse. Tightness in chest and fever(ranging from 100.5 to 104.7) and all over aches and pain. Felt like I wanted to die."
"Sore throat, fever, chills, myalgias."
"Fever, scratching throat, and diarrhea."
Vomiting nightly for three nights in a row.
"Sore throat, low grade fever, night sweats, body aches, sinus drippings."
"Extreme confusion, Mental breakdown, nervousness, crying. Lasted for 3 days."
Large red area-painful-itchy-raised area. Approx 3inches in diameter. Immunization possibly given in sub Q tissue. Large part leaked out of site when given. Given closer to inner thigh.
"Symptoms similar to those of Oculo-respiratory syndrome: itchy red eyes, constricted airway."
"Fever, chills, sweating, upset stomach."
"As an elementary school teacher, I don't hesitate to get the flu shot every year.  However, this year I am experiencing something quite different.  I have been experiencing muscle pain in my left arm since I had the shot 2 weeks ago.  I woke the next morning with severe back and shoulder pain radiating from my left arm for over 2 weeks.  My muscles and joints ache all the time and grow worse with long periods of standing.  The pain keeps me from performing daily activities and sleeping.  It awakens me in the night.   I have been taking Advil several times daily to function and have seen my chiropractor with little relief."
Patient reported a bruise at the injection site about the size of a quarter that didn't resolve for over a week. She also stated that her blood pressure was elevated and she was very fatigued - she missed 2 days of work.
"Hives on hands and feet, mild hives elsewhere. Still in existence but lessened two days later. Took antihistamines."
SYNCOPE AND POSSIBLE SEIZURE WITH HOT FLASHES.
"Two days after vaccine, patient noticed he hadn't taken off the bandage, when he did he saw a large red area around the site of venipuncture. It was hot to the touch. There were no other symptoms noted."
"Headache, sweating, shaking, paleness, fatigue. ER choose not to provide anything since they didn't know what caused the reaction."
"BEGAN WITH BEING TIRED, NEXT DAY BUMPS ON FACE LIKE BEING BITE BY A SPIDER, TIREDNESS, WEAKNESS & ACHES, ON 10/9 EYES STARTED ITCHING, FACE WAS GETTING ITCHY AND TO FEEL LIKE A SNAKE SKIN DAY TO DAY, ON NIGHT OF 10/11 WOKE UP @ MIDNIGHT EYES EXTREMELY ITCHING, BY THE AM FACE FLAKEY ALL OVER, EYES & FACE SWOLLEN & ITCHING, PLUS HEADACHES, BACKACHES, HOT SWEATS, CHILLS."
"PT REPORTED NAUSEA AND VOMITING, AND FATIGUE. ACHING SORENESS ALL DOWN VACCINATED ARM (LEFT) X 3 DAYS. SHE FELT THIS WAS VERY SIGNIFICANT AS SHE HAD BOTH VACCINES IN SAME ARM."
Left arm of injection site extremely painful. Little to no movement. Painful to the touch. Severe headache/Migraine since the day of vaccine injection.
"Entire thigh was bright red;  caused him pain;  on the following day, it became less red, but still continued to cause him pain and itching."
"Severe soreness in left shoulder, all around the joint and the injection site. Pain continued to worsen throughout the night. By the next morning the pain level was so high that I had tears in my eyes. The next day, the shoulder was frozen up to the point where I couldn't move it or use it at all. I have been using a heating pad and muscle relaxers to control the pain, but the pain is still debilitating. The pain was even worse the next day."
"ADM IMMUNIZATION 10/13, CAME TO PHARMACY 10/16 OR 17 SEEKING ADVICE ON FACIAL RASH- COUNSELED ON ANTIHISTAMINE USE, S/S ANAPHYLAXIS, ETC, CAME BACK 10/18 MORE ADV RASH AND RX FOR PREDNISONE."
Uncontrolled shivering. Lasted for 3 1/2 hours. Room temp 77 deg F. Under blanket and comforter at 10 PM.
"Nausea followed by severe vomiting, chills, followed by severe shaking, and high fever which lasted two hours."
"Hives, swollen face, rash, itching, racing heart--Benadryl and steroids."
"Intense pain radiating down to wrist. Shoulder pain and immobility, limited range of motion over the course of the next month and still persisting."
"PATIENT DEVELOPED FEVER, CHILLS THAT BEGAN ON THURSDAY 10/15/15 AND CONTINUED THROUGH FRIDAY PM 10/16/15.  SHE ALSO DEVELOPED EXTREME SORENESS, PAIN, INFLAMMATION AND SWELL AT THE INJECTION SITE.  THE INFLAMMATION AND SWELLING RADIATED DOWN HER ARM AND CAUSED HER MUSCLES TO HURT AND BE TENDER TO TOUCH (ESP. IN THE BICEP MUSCLE REGION).  THE PATIENT TOOK TYLENOL AND BENADRYL FOR THE ALLERGIC SYMPTOMS AND PAIN.  WHEN THE PATIENT CONTACTED OUR PHARMACY THE INJECTION SITE WAS STILL RED AND SWOLLEN BUT APPEARED TO BE GETTING BETTER ACCORDING TO THE CUSTOMER."
Fever and chills. Fever as high as 103.6 but constant since PM on 15 OCT to 18 Oct (and maybe longer - currently running 102 fever).
101 Fever along with the chills. Sweating began around 3:00 AM. Fever began to subside around 9:00 am. Fever was gone around 12:00 PM.
"Raging pain in shoulder and arm muscle where I received the injection.  Followed by fatigue, coughing, chills, fever, then extreme swelling of tongue, eyes, lips and face."
Red swollen eyes with noticeable blurred vision and difficulty focusing.
"Chills, abdominal cramps, nausea, lack of energy."
"Wife reported that shortly after administration, patient experienced approximately 12 hours of wheezing and shortness of breath."
"Sore throat within hour for receiving vaccine, head ache, coughing congestion, bronchitis symptoms a few days later."
Participant was vaccinated with influenza/ Novartis injection while stating she is pregnant. No Adverse reaction occurred.
"Chills, nausea, disoriented, dizzy, flu like symptoms that lasted 5-6 days, arm stayed red for six days, arm still has knot at injection site."
Gastro intestinal pain and diarrhea with arm pain especially with movement.
Soreness at injection site which proceeded to entire upper arm.
Fever ranging from 101-103 TYLENOL used for treatment.
"Arm felt heavy in few hours after. Few hours (1-2) cold, shivers, 1 emesis, fell asleep, next day low grade headache, fatigue, slept all day. Normal d #3."
"Swelling, redness and itching that began approximately 20 hour post-vaccination.  The swelling and itching were gone by 40 hours post-vaccination but there was still residual inflammation."
"Increasing stiffness, pain --pt described as """"bone on bone feeling"""" """"like nerve damage"""" and pain down arm to hand--but has full use of hand."""""
"I developed a moderate continuous frontal headache all afternoon on 10/17/2015.  I felt as though I was feverish, but temperature was normal. As the day progressed, I developed generalized aching in my legs and neck (but I also have arthritis and am on a steroid burst).  In the evening developed abdominal feeling of impending diarrhea.  Had a loose stool before bedtime.  By 5am on 10/18/2015 I was having hourly or less episodes of moderate diarrhea.  I was unable to eat or drink, slept all day except to get up to have diarrhea. I wasn't in pain, just so sleepy.  I felt cold and used heated blankets.  I did NOT have fever or shaking chills throughout any of this.  I was dizzy and felt so weak on 10/18/2015 from the continuous diarrhea episodes.  My last episode was 8pm 10/18/15.  Today, 10/19/15, I awoke feeling just a slight headache (may be from slight dehydration and caffeine withdrawal of yesterday).  I had one soft loose BM this am, but can tell by my body that this will not be diarrhea.  I am drinking coffee and fluids and feel stronger with totally resolving symptoms.  My major side effect not listed in your symptoms article was significant diarrhea, with potential for dehydration.  I am a nurse, did not need treatment.  MD office not imformed, as it was a weekend."
"Intense itching and hives all over both arms, both legs, and chest. This also happened with 2014's vaccine but at the time I atributed it to intense stress and possibly a detergent reaction. It took 8 months, numerous visits to the dermatologist and countless medications and creams to finally clear up."
"Pain swelling at injection site, extreme fatigue, I mean extreme! Mild fever, migraine headache, arm pain, neck pain, back pain. Sick overall feeling, one week and not getting better."
"Initial onset was dizziness, mild nausea and headache. By second day severe nasal congestion and sore throat. Went to urgent care at work and doc said the symptoms could last 2 days. Rest and fluids. Home the next day and escalating symptoms ..by 2 am on the 3rd day 103 fever. Was alone so didn't go to ER. After 8 hours, fever broke. Two more days and still recovering. Because of my dehydration, I experienced a sever muscle spasm in my low back."
"Swelling of arm, tender pain in arm lasting 4 days, was given Cipro."
"Vaccine administered 5:45 pm, 10/15 no problems - patient left clinic feeling fine. 3 am awoke with joint pain in wrist and headache. Took MOTRIN one at 7:30 am, feeling tired and pain 6 out of 10. Injection sites no redness/swelling."
Developed hives a few hours after having immunization.
"Red, swollen, warm to touch and painful at injection site 3-4 inches circ. Advised MOTRIN - cool compress."
"Red, swollen and painful at injection site. 3 inches. Advised Motrin-cool compress."
"Red, swolle, warm and painful at injection site - 3-4 in"""" in diameter - x 24 hrs. Motrin-cool compress to site x 24 hrs."""""
"Red, swollen, warm to touch at injection site 3-4 inches in circ. Advised Motrin-cool compress."
"Red, swollen, warm to touch at injection site, 3-4 inches in circ. Advised Motrin-cool compress."
"Red, swollen, warm to touch - painful at injection site 3 inches in cir. Advised Motrin-cool compress."
"Red, swollen, warm to touch. Painful at injection site . 2-3 inches in circ. Advised Motrin-cool compress."
"Area 1"""" redness, swelling, warmthto touch at injection site. Area painful. Resolved 10-15-15. Pain axilla 10-16-15."""""
"Next day he felt drowsy. He was weak, had a fever, aches. His arm became very red, very sore and painful. Patient is still weak two weeks later."
"Left arm, sore arm, chills, numbness. She says the shot was given higher than usual and maybe hit the bone."
Patient's mom stated patient had a fever of 103 the night of 10/12/15. Patient came in for triage - temperature of 99.1. PA-C recommended BENADRYL as needed. Patient has redness and induration to right arm.
PCV 23 and FLUZONE given on 10/14/15 right deltoid. Redness 40x60cm. Hot to the touch.
Pain and swelling in his left deltoid.
Whole upper arm swelled up w/in 5 minutes of receiving FLUZONE HD. Put ice on it x 15 minutes and encouraged him to see his doctor.
"10/3/15 had immunization at retail pharmacy. 10/5/15 came into pharmacy and described having pain and stiffness going from site of injection up arm, across shoulders and up neck; pharmacist called covering MD who verified no red line from injection site and gave pager # if needed and advised ER if condition worsens. Pt iced and took acetaminophen and reported continuing improvement/complete recovery."
"Shaking arms, throat irritation, nausea and vomiting, aching back, chills."
FLUZONE HD was given to patient on 10/14/15 after 3 days her arm was still red and hot at the site of injection. Patient said she'd been icing it for 3 days....no improvement.
Pt came to pharmacy 10/14/15. Pt's arm (right) became very red about 3.5 inch around injection site. She stated  itchy and hot.
"Extreme fatigue. The next morning muscle aches (calf muscles). Oct 16 am headache and nausea/dizziness (no vomiting). Oct 17 102.8 fever that continued through 10/18/15.  No appetite, just slept for 3 days straight.  Still asleep today, waiting to see if she still has fever.  Some mild coughing began 10/18/15 at 1PM."
"Started with sore arm, just feeling bad; about 7PM shoulders and neck began to ache. Started with extreme chills and then a severe headache. Took a Tylenol and went to bed at 9. Awoke a little later and symptoms were gone. Very tired the next day and still tired the following day."
"Night after injection continuing until 10AM: shaking, chills, vomiting, fainting, dizzy, """"giddy"""", stomach cramping, muscle aches throughout especially neck, migraine."""""
"Patient received FLUZONE HD and PREVNAR 13 on left deltoid on 10/15/15 12:10 pm. On morning of 10/16/15 she noticed red/flush skin and bruised from left deltoid down to almost her elbow. No raised rash, no itching, no pain. Patient didn't take anything for it. She came to report this on 10/17/15 at 12:30 pm."
Patient was given FLUZONE HD on 9/19 - patient states arm felt uncomfortable shortly after getting shot but pain really increased on Monday 9/21. Pain was localized to area around injection site. Patient states she was unable to lift arm or rotate arm without having discomfort. Patient sought treatment from pharmacist while visiting another country. Pt was given itami 140mg patch. Pt still having pain and discomfort in upper arm and ROM limited.
"Hard, warm, rash, size of tennis ball at injection site. No fever."
"Patient stated he began """"shivering"""" around 5AM (roughly 12 hours after immunization). He said this lasted roughly 1 hour. He also complained of general malaise/fatigue."""""
After getting flu shot she got fevers in 2 hours. Fever goes up and down for 7 days and also she got constipated for 5 days. So she took stool softener on 5th day to recover constipation. She took 3 TYLENOL total in week.
"Site of administration bled after administered. A few hours after admin, pt felt lethargic and had cold sweats. Next morning, pt vomited. Pt also reports red rash and severe soreness at site of administration 3 days after admin."
Left arm pain for 2 weeks at injection site difficulty moving arm.
"Rash on face, neck, and chest. Hives at injection site. No SOB reported."
"Arm soreness, red, fever 102.8 degrees, face red and hot, arm pain from shoulder to elbow. Started about 4-5 pm the evening of injection. Took 2 APAP 325mg, used a cold pack, kept arm moving. Unable to lift arm."
Began 10/10/15 is red and swollen around 8pm by 11pm more soreness and greater swelling. 10/11/15 greater inflammation sore and warm to touch and pt took ADVIL to help. Went to emergency care 10/12/15 - diagnosed with cellulitis and severe allergic reaction.
"Inability to abduct (L) arm secondary pain. Moderate swelling, PROM painful. Put in sling, given NSAIDS, lidoderm patch and physical therapy to increase motion in (L) arm."
"Patient states the night after receiving his Flu and Pneumonia vaccines he experienced nausea, vomiting, and fever."
Blurry vision five minutes after receiving injection of HPV9 and influenza vaccinations.
Received PNEUMOVAX 23 on 10/13/15. Large local reaction in 24 hours.
"Emp came to Employee Health c/o trouble breathing. Escorted to Emergency Room. Triaged, evaluated approx. 30 min later at 1:30pm. Epi 0.3mg  IM admin. Observed for 2 hours, sent home."
Approx 36 hrs after vaccine - cramping in legs - burning on feet (soles) - rhinitis - post - nasal drip (severe) Temp - 100.6 - 101.8 - still febrile - severe bronchitis - NASONEX - azelastine spray - TUSSINEX cough syrup LEVAQUIN 500 mg - prednisone 500 mg/day - TYLENOL 1 q 4 hours .
Patient reported feeling dizzy and chilled. Follow-up with her on 10/9/2015 and she said she still felt like she had the flu but was otherwise ok.
Pt is complaining of persistent shoulder pain since her injection.
"Patient states that area surrounding site of administration was ~4 inches. It was a red and raised area, it was hot to the touch and itchy. Patient went to her doctor that day. Her physician told her the vaccine was administered too low (site of administration was mid way down deltoid muscle). Patient was instructed to take Ibuprofen and Allegra and the lesion improved. Upon seeing the patient's arm 10/19 @10:30am, it had improved however there was still a visibly red area surrounding the site of administration."
Severe shoulder pain and became very difficult to move arm. Worse as of 10/19/2015.
"Joints started to hurt, overall fatigue.  Joint pain increased over next several days.  Weakness in legs as well on a few occasions.  Symptoms have continued this way until present (2.5 weeks later)."
Pt reports persistant shoulder pain that started a few hours after injection but has not gone away.
"The injection was given very high near the shoulder joint and shortly after, pain, weakness occurred in the joint.  It feels like an injury. I cannot sleep on that side, lift or use that arm without pain.  It keeps me awake at night.  It feels as though the joint itself has been injured. I have had a flu shot every year and the pain has been minimal...nothing of this magnitude. It is impeding my every day activities."
"Patient reported pain in chest and back when lying down each night. Pain in arm at injection site. Itching and golf ball sized swelling at injection site. Reported to pharmacy on 10/19/2015, and patient stated that still some tenderness and puffiness at injection site."
"Nausea, dizziness, dry heaving started 10-20 minutes after receiving flu vaccine for 1st time. Sent to ER, given 4 mg ZOFRAN and 25 mg BENADRYL. Symptoms improved after ZOFRAN but then increased again after BENADRYL given IV. No SOB, swelling of lips or difficulty breathing."
Pt received vaccines (FLUZONE high dose and PREVNAR 13) on 10/8/15 and on 10/19/15 pt stated he is still having pain and itching. (L) arm noted with swelling and redness down to elbow.
Chills; muscle aches; rash around injection site(s) and beyond. Received clindamycin Rx.
"Significant redness, swelling and discomfort of left shoulder area."
"Pt. remembers significant bleeding at time of injection into deltoid muscle and subsequent bruising. On current date, 10/19/15, patient has pain radiating down the arm to the hand with pins and needle sensation in the thumb and index fingers. Observed small bruise still visible on deltoid muscle."
"Pt said, """"I have some stiffness/pain radiating up arm and across back of neck to left shoulder. I don't know if it is arthritis or shot""""."""""
"Swollen, sore arm (L), fever, headache."
"Patient had pronounced bruising in the arm the vaccine was administered, around her elbow. The bruising is resolving and is not causing pain. It occurred 2 days after the vaccine was administered."
"Dizziness, extreme sweating, nausea which lasted about 3 minutes."
Arm swelling and tenderness.
"Pt. received PREVNAR 13, Influenza (Quad) on 10/16/15. She called on 10/19/15 stating she had reacted Kw/ swelling, redness (6-8 inch circle)  hot to touch w/ a knot. Used ice and BENADRYL."
"Noticed on Thursday (10/8) arm was warm. Came to pharmacy 10/13 with red arm. About 2"""" around shot. Feels warm. Was itchy Sunday 10/11."""""
Warm/red rash several indu from injection site. Advised to start BENADRYL. [No reports of pain/itching].
"Case number PHEH2015US020152 is an initial spontaneous report from a pharmacist received on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 30-year-old male patient. He was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1514901) intramuscularly on 08 Oct 2015. One hour after vaccination, he started seeing spots, felt dizzy and experienced loss of peripheral vision. The outcome, seriousness and causality of the events were not reported. Seriousness assessment of the events seeing spots and loss of peripheral vision were upgraded based on the available information in the source document."
"Case number PHEH2015US020381, is an initial spontaneous report from a pharmacist received on 09 Oct 2015. This report refers to a female patient of an unknown age. Historical condition and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient with allergic to latex was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: not reported) intramuscularly  on 15 Sep 2015. It was reported that the patient had been experiencing breathing problems and had to miss the work. The patient states this had been ongoing since she received the vaccination. Seriousness and causality of the event was not reported. Seriousness assessment of """"breathing problems"""" was upgraded based on information in the source document."""""
Patient received the high dose flu shot around 1:30PM. Patient reports the onset of nausea around 4:30PM which led to vomiting around 5-5:30PM. She continued to have nausea and vomiting for about 24 hours. Also had a fever of about 101 during this time. Patient had bouts of chills and shakiness throughout this period. Complains of headache and body aches for an unspecified time afterwards. Patient has not previously had issues with the flu shot but this is the first instance of her getting the high dose version.
"Abnormal gait, very sleepy, """"just not acting right/himself"""" - symptoms resolved after approximately 48 - 72 hrs."""""
"Friday night developed serve arm pain, shooting all the way to fingers in L arm. Severe pain last 24 hours and is now just an ache. Also, have a sore lump around collar bone."
"Started itching the night of administration with redness. The following morning we note swelling and heat, beatter today (10/15/15), used BENADRYL top/BENADRYL PO."
"4 hrs post inj arm swelling, increased pain, fingers numb and lower arm numbness. Saw Dr next day received IBU. Pt still experiencing finger numbness in 3 fingers cannot bend index finger."
"Administered vaccine to upper left arm, IM, FLUZONE HD on 09/21/2015, patient developed a severe rash on lower tricep (right above elbow), that started to clear gradually."
"Localized edema erythema; afebrile; TX w/ice effective to decreased edema, provide comfort  post 48 hours, edema gone; 4""""x4"""", circular area of erythema fading."""""
"Swelling, redness, hardness of upper arm. Appeared following day after immunization."
"Bone pain right femur, still occurring after more than one week.  It's lessening, but still acute when waking."
Mild vaginal burning beginning in the afternoon.  Continued to get worse the next few days.  OTC treatment.
"24 hour chills, fever, headache, loss of appetite, fatigue, severe lower back pain."
"Fever 102.  Redness, pain, and swelling left upper arm below injection site. Redness 14 x 9 mm band.  Soft.  Tender.  Warm.  No induration."
"Patient noticed red area and heat at injection site. The red area is approximately 4"""" x 6"""" on arm encircling the injection site.  Patient says if area does not clear in a couple days she will go to the doctor.  No treatment at this time."""""
"Pt returned approx. One and a half hours later, stating he was cold and shivering. Pt stated feeling light headed, dizzy, and a little nauseous. Pt was placed in imm office laying supine with feet elevated. Pt was given warm blankets and a nurse was notified."
Exact date of onset unknown but either 10-13-15 or 10-14-15. Injection site became fevered.  Patient experienced body aches and pains. Patient went to urgent care and was diagnosed with lymphadenitis by their doctor.  She received an IV antibiotic at urgent care and was sent home with 10 days of oral antibiotic therapy. Injection site was properly cleaned before administration as patient also stated. As of Friday October 16th patient was released to go back to work on Monday.
"Whole upper arm is red, and swollen. Patient put ice packs and used Aleve. 5 days later still red and swollen."
None thus far.  The infant was inadvertently give a Fluvirin instead of a Fluzone.
"Body aches and congestion, started Saturday morning. It is now Monday morning, and I am still having body aches, and congestion."
"Inflammation in excess of 15 cm, redness and radiating heat."
"Red circle aroung injection site that increased in redness, tenderness and diameter of circle until patient presented to pharmacy on 10/15/15- where red circle around injection site was approx. 2 inch diameter around injcetion site. Patient states only took Tylenol. Pt was advised to take 50mg diphenhydramine and contact a doctor to ensure there wasn't an infection.  Patient stated they contacted doctors office and was told to take diphenhydramine as directed by pharmacist and if rash did not improve by 10/19/15 to see Dr. in person. Pt stated on 10/19/15 that all signs and symptoms where nearly gone."
Site of injection is still sore and have a very limited range of motion almost a whole month later.
"Red rash near vaccination site, warm to touch, and periodically itchy."
Pt's niece came to pharmacy 10/19/15 and said her aunt (the patient) had experienced generalized pain at site of injection and has a softball size bruise at the injection site.
"Sore throat, high fever, chills, malaise, headache, arthralgia, nausea/dizziness."
"Patient became flushed in the face, felt hot, heart was racing and felt as though her mouth and tongue felt thick (not completely swollen and patient was able to continue to breathe)."
"Chills and headache at 2:30 PM. At 6:00 PM experienced fever of 100.6, body aches, chills and extreme overall trembling (Rigors) which prevented me from walking normally. Took Tylenol for fever, aches and trembling. About midnight the trembling began again; I called the Dr. on call at my medical facility to see if I should call 911; she said I was suffering from """"rigors"""" and should alternate Tylenol and Ibuprofen for the chills and rigors; continued with the Tylenol and Ibuprofen for aches and fever through Oct. 12. I felt better the morning of Oct. 13 but the 100.4 fever returned at 6:15PM; took Ibuprofen. I felt better the morning of Oct. 14 but a 100.2 fever returned at 4:30PM; took Ibuprofen. I felt better on Oct. 15 and and the fever did not return. I have never received the Fluzone High-Dose injection until this year. The pharmacist said it had better protection for people over 65. I will NEVER get that injection again!!!"""""
"States that the left side of her neck and head began """"throbbing"""" immediately after the vaccine was administered and continued for 2 days. Three days after the vaccine was given she began having severe pain in her left hip to the point that she could not walk on her left leg. She went to an orthopedic doctor at that time. The doctor performed xrays of the left hip and found no abnormalities. He then injected her with a steriod injection and placed her on a Solumedrol dose pack. Patient states that she has no proir history of left hip pain, nor has she injured her left hip in any way. Denies any numbness in the left leg."""""
"Patient called pharmacy on 10.19.2015 @ 2:30 pm, stating that his arm was VERY sore, and that it felt like it was about to """"fall off"""" when he touched it. He also said his """"entire body"""" was sore, and that he could not get out of bed. He compared the pain to that of rotator cuff surgery."""""
Pt states her arm got sore and red and swollen and a little warm.
He called and said he felt ill.  I said that He should rest and maybe consider seeing a physician.  I told him it was possible that it was coincidental.  He just came in here to show me his arm.  It is still quite red and swollen.
Patient indicates he got up very sick to his stomach and as day progressed felt weak. Oct 18 2015 felt better but weak and on Oct 19 2015 he was experiencing dizziness.
"Pt report itching and redness around the site of injecton, still had the itching. Pt states not bad just irritating."
"Child not acting like herself. Extremely irritated, fussy, runny nose, congestion, vomiting."
"Extremely severe, sharp, deep pain in arm around injection site; deltoid pain continues to spread around injection site over two weeks later."
"Patient felt some tightening in throat area, but no difficult breathing. Over the next 24 hours, the tightening continued and patient completely lost voice (even whispering was difficult). No other symptoms of cold or illness noted (no fever, sore throat, congestion, runny nose, body aches, fatigue, etc). This symptoms slowly started to resolve on 10/16, and patient is about 80% recovered today 10/19."
Patient developed rash and hives after receiving the Fluvirin vaccine. Recommended that patient start taking oral diphenhydramine to treat allergic reaction.
Patient described soreness and tenderness at the injection site starting the date of injection and progressively worsen to soreness of the entire left arm.  The site of injection is no longer sore as of 10/19/15 but her left shoulder and arm range of motion is decresed.
FACE SWELLING.
"Right arm (site of administration) started to hurt mid-afternoon on Thurs the day of administration and was Very painful by the evening. Pt did not have use of her arm for 2 days, but when I contacted her Monday morning she felt like she had 1/2 use of it. Pt also had some flu like symptoms, which had mostly resolved, but was still feeling dizzy and lightheaded Monday morning. She did not seek medical attention, but reported severe pain that felt """"like her joint was separating"""". Still painful to raise further that elbow level. Pt took Tylenol for the pain."""""
"Injection site redness, slighly swollen, sore and hot."
"A bumpy rash appeared on my face, down my neck and onto my torso; later, tiny red spots appeared all over my chest. This went away after about 2 days."
101 F fever after 650 mg aspirin administered at 5 pm.
"Swelling, warmth, fever, nausea, chills,diagnosed on 10/19/2015 with cellulitis and treated with Keflex and prednisone."
"4cmx4cm round, raised, and red area surrounding vaccination site. Site was very warm to touch and sore. Resolved after one week."
Heart racing - pounding. Pain from shot sight up right shoulder and right side of neck.
Pain in shoulder radiating down arm.  Trouble moving shoulder.  Got worse over the next few days.
"SORE THROAT, BODY PAIN, NASAL CONGESTION, COUGH, WITH EXPECTORATION, BODY PAIN, MYALGIA, HEADACHE."
"Area around injection site developed an inflamed, red rash that was warm to the touch."
Patient called and stated she had cellulitis at the injection site. She was in that afternoon and given an antibiotic after being examined by PAC.
The 2 days after the vaccine I experienced usual post symptoms- malaise and achiness.  5 days after developed nagging chest pain left side that was not relieved with ibuprofen. Also with fatigue. On 10/15/2015 disseminated distinct shingles rash on left chest with distinct severe pain.
Patient received flu vaccine on 10/10/15 at clinic. Gradually upper arm begin to swell up and redness noted. Mother works for my office since pediatrician only asked to use ice and child complained more pain she brought him in.
Patient developed cellulitis/? on (L) shoulder. Abscess like hard induration on shoulder. Treated with NSAIDS/Cephalexin 500mg x 3 and issue resolved. She has been examined on 10/9/15 and documented.
"This 40 year old female nurse received annual flu vaccine at 1045am. She reported approximately 5 min after receipt of FLUARIX, her tongue and throat began to itch. She returned to the immunization clinic where she was walked down to ER with a sporadic macular rash to her right elbow and forearm (not at injection site). She denied any difficulty swallowing, breathing, or tightness in throat. She arrived in ER (1117am - seen by triage nurse 1131am and MD at 1142 hr (1 hour after vaccination)) with c/o right arm rash, and itching to face. While she denied any SOB, her exam identified mild bilateral expiratory wheezing with mild urticaria to right arm/elbow and forearm. BP 155/99, HR 78, RR 18 O2 sat 99% rm air, pain 0/10. She was treated with IV antihistamines (BENADRYL 25 mg IVP and PEPCID 20 mg/50 cc NS), IV steroids (DECADRON 8 mg IVP), 250 cc NS bolus and 2 Albuterol HHN with resolution of all symptoms. She was sent home with oral BENADRYL and ZANTAC which she used for next 3 days w/o return of symptoms. (NOTE: ER record documents first left then right arm hives/rash with MD documenting only right arm urticaria and nurses notes documenting rash to right arm and hives on left -- pt states had rash/urticaria to right arm and face, not left arm)."
"Fever increased 101.2 w/ generalized rash. Fever noticed after going home from work. Rash on abd after working out on 10/14/15, then noticed on arms/legs (BLE and BUE)."
Fever chills (severe) temp 102 happened evening of shot.
Pt noted pain at injection site (which she thought was too high on her L arm) immediately after the injection.  The pain is sharp and tearing in nature and will at times radiate down to her L elbow. Pain has remained the same for 3 weeks.
"Patient states started itching a few hours after receiving the shot but didn't think anything about it. Later, noticed small red bumps/blisters covering most of body and began coughing. Went to an urgent care facility and received a shot, oral medication and a Rx to take medication for several days."
"Redness and swelling in arm within 24 hrs - Seen by MD - given prednisone, BENADRYL, ZANTAC. Redness worsened by 4th hrs, seen in ER - given KEFLEX (abx). Seen 10/19 and sxs resolving."
"Approximately 5 min after vaccination patient felt dizzy. After approx 10 min after vac pt wanted to use restroom - as he stood up, he got dizzy and fell (parents and I caught him) as soon as he was laying down, he was conscious, had pt wait for another 20 min, gave him water."
Pt received Flu shot 10/14/15 in right arm. By 10/15/15 swelling and a lump noted with pain and itch per pt. Pt went to E.D. - MD who looked stated was a reaction even though it was 3-4 inches away from injection site. Pt. states minor limited rxn. Swelling and rash decreasing each day.
"Patient passed out immediately after vaccine administered. Time 1235, room temp 79; Pt was out for appx 15 sec, small upper extremity contractions exhibited. Epinephrine not needed. Pt woke up before administered. Pt complained of hunger 56 gram of glucose given."
"Patient came in pharmacy to report that the night after she got her ZOSTAVAX vaccine (vaccine administered at 2:10 pm) her injection site has swollen up a little and it got larger the following day and also the soreness. However, she said it gets better today."
"Fever starting Saturday (10/17/15) to Sunday. Pt had febrile seizure 10/18/15 at 1630pm. Dx: pharyngitis at ED. Tmax 104.0. Given ROCEPHIN, MOTRIN, and ZITHROMAX."
Pt fainted about 5 seconds after HAVRIX. Received influenza on same visit prior to HAVRIX (FLUVIRIN) (VASOVAGAL). Pt received water and threw up. Pt. fully recovered after 30 minutes and was released from pharmacy.
Patient had diffuse swelling of right knee and thigh 24 hrs after vaccine - PENTACEL/Hep A.
"Localized irritation and discoloring (red, black, blue) at site of injection. Patient took 1 dose of TYLENOL for discomfort."
Patient's arm became very sore and had radiating pain in her chest. Patient made appt with her PCP.
"On 10/15.15 at approximately 5 pm, patient received the influenza vaccine. One hour after vaccine, he had a generalized seizure lasting 15 min. During the seizure, mother took child to urgent care center where his temperature was 103 degrees axillary."
"Rash around injection site approximately 6"""". Back spasms, diarrhea."""""
"Flu shot around 3:30 pm 10/14/15. Around 7pm patient noticed swelling in left elbow. By morning 10/15/15, patient reports redness, swelling, and pain to the touch in left elbow."
"Cellulitis and abscess of upper left arm. Severe pain, burning, aching of arm - unable to move due to pain. Arm redness and severe swelling, spread through arm. Fever, fatigue, body aches, headaches, malaise. Treatment: Clindamycin 300 mg 4x's a day for 10 days."
Developed fever of 102 after 2 days with aching arm and shoulder pain with diminished movement. No getting better even after 2 1/2 weeks.
"Extreme pain, unable to move arm for 2 days - limited arm function for several days with pain. Full arm functions after 7 days and still sore. Profuse sweating; decreased energy."
"Student developed pain, tenderness, redness, swelling 1.5 inches in diameter (flat) and warm to touch at injection site, approx. 1 hr. post injection. Pt iced area."
"Red, painful, raised rash on forehead that spread from eyebrown to hairline. Went to physician next morning diagnosed with shingles. Rash lasted for 2 weeks, treated with antivirals."
Right arm hurting day after flu shot. Went to doctor.
"Severe neck and shoulder pain, low grade fever, restlessness, headache, dizziness, and no energy."
"I've always received flu shots with no side effects. This time I encountered lots of itching and bumps initially around my neck. Then my head, upper legs, torso. This occurred roughly 2 days after the shot, but it's been close to 10 days now and still occurs off and on. It's not life threatening but felt it was important to report."
About 3-4 minutes after vaccine patient passed out. He was out for less than minute. Came to - didn't remember what just happened and very tired. Also chipped his tooth.
"Administered flu shot IM ((L) deltoid) 9/23/15, still experiencing pain in (L) shoulder radiating down/aching down towards () hand. Hurts to lift arm and event in use visited primary care MD and suggested may have hit a nerve when administered."
"Pt had fever, severe itching and low platelet count."
"Pt. presented at walk -in w/(L) arm pain. Upper arm hot to touch, lower arm very cold; pt. stated she was having some tingling and numbness, couldn't move arm without pain. Pt. had temp, of 100.8 degrees. Provider."
"Patient has extreme tenderness of muscle where injection was administered. She also has a small amount of swelling of deltoid muscle, no redness."
"Fever 101.8, fussy, coughing all night, runny nose, sneezing, redness at injection site."
"Injection site muscle pain, spasm for 2 weeks. Decrease range of motion because of pain, treated with ibuprofen, physical therapy and Medrol dose pack."
Patient developed a reaction and had to go to the ER where she was told that both shots flu and pneumonia should not be given same time.
"She has a splotchy rash that comes and goes. BENADRYL cream made it worse. Rash was better on 10-19-15. Rash is not around the site and is not head to toe. It has appeared on hip, neck, and arm. Mom called pediatrician and pediatrician reported it was normal and she could have symptoms for 5 days after administration."
"Patient had redness, swelling and itchiness at the injection site (right arm)."
"Began with feeling """"flush"""", followed by headache, fever 100.6, shakes, malaise, nausea. No local reaction."""""
PT. RECEIVED 2 FLU VACCINES IN SAME SEASON ON 9/10/15 & 10/15/15.  PT. WAS ASKED PRIOR TO VACCINATION IF SHE HAD GOTTEN VACCINE THIS YEAR?  PT. STATED NO.  SHE DIDN'T REMEMBER GETTING VACCINE OVER 4 WEEKS AGO.  THIS PT. DID NOT HAVE ANY SYMPTOMS OR COMPLICATIONS @ TIME OF VISIT AND HAS NOT REPORTED ANY TO DATE.
"Itching rash on back of knees, spread to left of trunk. Feeling """"worn out"""". Nasal drainage. Better 10/20/2015."""""
"Pt has a red, hot, itchy spot where the shot was given."
"After receiving the FLUZONE HD, patient started to slide down the chair. She look like she was fainting, but it then seemed like she might have had a seizure. Patient regained consciousness quickly and 911 was called. Her HR was high at 120 then down to 89 then 74. BP=89/154 when ambulance got there. She was released from ER. She is doing well. Normal per ER."
Pt. came in to report to our pharmacy manager that her arm was extremely sore after her shot. Couldn't lift it. She saw her MD on 10/13/15 - he diagnosed shoulder bursitis from receiving injection into the bursa which will require 4 weeks of physical therapy.
"Hives of face, cough, conjunctivitis, edema throat (Prednisone)."
"Began day after injection/administration. Shooting pains throughout her body, feeling of heaviness, fever x4 days. Heaviness lasted x4 days, and then felt off balance x2 weeks. Feeling of tingling in her feet."
"Exact time not remembered. Tightness in chest, difficulty catching breath, irregular heart rate on day 2, plus poor vision on day 2. Fluvirin 90658 0.5mL"
"Ear ache, sounds amplified and sound robotic, ringing and rumbling in ears."
"Patient's flu shot was given in her left deltoid.  She came in on 10/13/2015 with her left upper arm swollen. I measured the left arm against the right arm. The left upper arm measured 16 1/2 inches in diameter while the right measured 13 3/4 inches.  The redness measured 4"""" X 3"""".  She said that she was seeing her PCP on 10/14/2015.  I told her to ask about the flu reaction and see what he thought about the reaction to the influenza vaccine.  She called me back on 10/14/2015 and said her PCP said for her to not take anymore flu vaccinations."""""
Patient is unable to lift her left arm above her elbow.  She cannot lay on it and hasn't since the administered date. Hasn't seeked medical attention yet.
Right arm extremely sore unable to lift for almost two weeks and constant ache and pain.  Sleep interrupted.  Using heating pad and taking ibuprofen.
"Employee complained of being hot, sweaty, and lightheaded.  Donor was given an ice pack and gatorade.  Temperature was 98.6F before and after being given the vaccine.  BP and pulse remained stable and within normal limits at all times.  Appeared pale and diaphoretic.  Symptoms lasted for 35 minutes before being recommended to go to the ER for more treatment.  Symptoms stayed the same and did not worsen or get better.  Employee called at 4:30 PM at ER and stated she was beginning to feel normal but had not yet been seen by a physician."
"Cough, bodyaches, shortness of breath, ear pain, fever, chills, nausea and vomiting."
"Nurse said she was having a problem with the syringe plunger while the needle was already in my left shoulder.  After a few seconds, she finally was able to get the fluid injected.  Immediately I felt a numbing pain in my left shoulder.  A few hours later, I could not lift my left arm above shoulder level and my whole shoulder was very painful, especially the shoulder joints.  On 10/11/2015 I went to Dr. at Immediate Care, because my left arm started getting numb, lame and tingly.  The shoulder was still sore.  She prescribed 3-4 Advils three times per day and and referred me to a neurologist.  Today, 10/21/2015 the pain in my shoulder is still severe and I have limited range of motion.  It seems to be getting worse, rather than better.  I have had 2 physical therapy treatments, which so far have not yet helped.  I have made an appointment to see someone on Monday (10/26/2015) and hope to get an MRI of my shoulder and get referred to an orthopedic surgeon."
"Initial chest congestion with some SOB began 12 hours after vaccine. Approximately 24-36 hours patient began running a fever of 99.9-100.  Fever continued for 2 days.  Patient was seen again at doctors office on 10/12/2015 and Chest X-ray confirmed patient developed pneumonia in the lower right lobe, presumably as a complication of respiratory infection.  Oral antibiotics and a tapered dose of Prednisone were prescribed along with nebulizer treatments of Ipatropium bromide/albutol for wheezing.  Patient recovering at home."
"Itchy eyes, cough, wheezing. He was already on Allegra for two days for runny nose at home. So no hives."
"Metallic taste in mouth, started to cough, red eyes and watery drainage, sore throat.  Saw acute care and they told them to use Benadryl and other otc products."
Patient developed runny eyes and nose and a congested nose.  No other symptoms reported.
"Lightheaded, clammy skin, rapid pulse. No nausea, vomiting, rash/pruritis, or difficulty breathing. No treatment at facility, however patient called EMS and was transported. NOTE that actual age/DOB of patient is unknown."
"Sore throat, difficulty swallowing, cough, oral thrush noted on 10/20/2015 (white patches on tongue and hard palate, inappetance."
"PATIENT WOKE UP COUGHING, WITH AN EXTREMELY HOARSE SORE THROAT, ACCOMPANIED BY RAPID BREATHING THAT WAS LABORED, HE COMPLAINED THAT HIS THROAT HURT."
"Headache, body aches, low-grade fever, nausea and vomiting, exhaustion."
"Patient arched backward, tensed up, eyes rolled back in head, stopped breathing, face turned red which lasted about 1 minute then she became limp and unarousable. Patient was unable to keep her head up she kept trying to open her eyes and head would nod up and fall. This lasted about 10 minutes. She was very sleepy and after 15 minutes started to act normal again."
Full body hives followed a few hours later by facial/throat swelling.
"First symptom was left arm soreness around injection site and inability to sleep on left side. Upon waking patient noticed erythema, swelling, and bruising spanning approximately two inches in diameter from injection site."
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of increased bronchial secretion in a male patient who received ANORO ELLIPTA inhalation powder for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Co-suspect products included FLUARIX. Concurrent medical conditions included lung cancer. Concomitant products included FLOVENT, LIPITOR, metoprolol, MVI, oxygen and PLAVIX. On 1st August 2015, the patient started ANORO ELLIPTA (inhaled) 1 puff(s) once daily. In September 2015, the patient received FLUARIX (injection). In September 2015, an unknown time after receiving ANORO ELLIPTA and FLUARIX, the patient experienced increased bronchial secretion, sinus disorder, tachypnea and cold. On an unknown date, the patient experienced productive cough. ANORO ELLIPTA was continued with no change. FLUARIX was continued with no change. On an unknown date, the outcome of the increased bronchial secretion, sinus disorder, tachypnea, cold and productive cough were not recovered/not resolved. The reporter considered the increased bronchial secretion to be related to ANORO ELLIPTA and FLUARIX. The reporter considered the sinus disorder, tachypnea and cold to be possibly related to ANORO ELLIPTA and FLUARIX. It was unknown if the reporter considered the productive cough to be related to ANORO ELLIPTA and FLUARIX. Additional information: This case was received via call center representative on 12 October 2015. Caller reported that he was switched from SPIRIVA to ANORO around the first of August. Around or about the first of September he began to notice increase mucous in his lungs, panting in his breathing, cold and sinus problems. He noted he had also gotten a flu shot by unknown manufacturer at a pharmacy around that first of September also. He made a phone call and spoke to his Internist's nurse who prescribed an antibiotic but after taking that there was no improvement. He then called back and asked for a steroid and after taking that also still no improvement. He will be traveling back to his hometown this Friday and was encouraged to see his physician. He noted the flu shot was the senior dose, but didn't know any other details of the vaccine. He also stated that he does use oxygen when he walks on his treadmill. He stated the mucous makes it feel as if his lungs are full and it rattles when he coughs but he can't cough it out. No further information was reported."
5 cm x 6 cm faint erythema with swelling and mild tenderness. Full strength and normal sensation in both arms.
"Very severe myalgias, tender muscles, skin and generalized fatigue and somnolence. Loss of appetite, bad taste, sore throat (one side), impaired taste and headache with delayed mentation. Felt I was going to die. Had a low grade fever of 100.4. My basal body temp is 97.6."
Rash from site of injection on left arm down to the elbow.  Raised rash.
"Patient reports nausea, white foam eruptions from mouth, chills, and increased heart rate."
"Severe pain for the first two days. Numbness in arm, hand over next three weeks (to date). Limited range of motion in arm/shoulder over next three weeks (to date). Disabling pain in arm/shoulder over next three weeks (to date)."
Pt. developed cellulitis in right arm after receiving the flu vaccine and PNEUMOVAX.
"Pt. complains of pain in arm still after 2 weeks. Hurts doing normal day to day activity, ex. putting seat belt on. Stiffness gets progressively worse as day goes on. Going to MD 10/21/15."
Patient received FLUZONE high dose vaccine in error. He is of inappropriate age for the vaccine. No adverse events reported by the patient as a result of this incorrect vaccination.
Patient states allegedly arm/muscle still sore from vaccination.
"Diarrhea, nausea, vomiting. Symptoms getting better now."
Arm hurt all night in the arm where he got the PREVNAR. Could barely move arm. Felt like he was dying today at 4pm. Felt very nauseous and has fever per wife (101 degrees).
"Patient reports pain in arm around site of injection, inability to raise arm due to discomfort. Onset of symptoms approximately 10-8-15. Progressive worsening of symptoms. Patient tried heating pad at home with no relief. No other symptoms reported."
"Pain at the time of the flu injection. Soreness for two days. After two days, the pain progressed and I was losing my range of motion, and wasn't able to move my right arm/shoulder without excrutiating pain. Numbness in right arm with mottling noticed. Not able to sleep due to the excrutiating pain keeping me up all night. Ice, heat and NSAIDS not helping at all with the discomfort. The injection was injected too high above my deltoid resulting in the pain and has not yet gotten better. Gets worse as the days go on."
"It may have begun earlier but I didn't notice until the above day and time. I have a warm, red welt at the injection site."
"Left arm red, hot and tender where the High-dose influenza was administered."
"Strong flu like symptoms: Muscle aches, body aches, fever, chills for approximately 24 hours."
"Lots of swelling in all joints accompained with pain in all joints, swollen lymph node. On 10/21/2015 (6 days later) only mild joint pain remains."
"I felt a fullness in my chest.  I took my blood pressure several times with digital blood pressure machine. Readings were:131/93 p.165,  142/94 p.162, 135/93 p.150,  155/87 p.102, 139/84 p. 98, 120/76 p.78"
"Patient states she has had severe pain in arm since receiving the vaccine, she says the pain started after vaccination and she is experiencing pain in her hand as well."
Patient complained of excessive irritation at the injection site. Patient has redness and some swelling around injection site.
Left arm pain - pins and needles radiation to left hand.
"Pt call on 10-15-15 said arm was red, hot and swelling, call was about 7:00 pm, was told to try BENADRYL and Ibu and if not better in morning to see a doctor."
"I do not know if this was related to the flu shot but what I will described has never happened to me before.  I became aware of fairly intense discomfort as if my relaxed fit clothes were suddenly extremely tight.  As I walked through the house to change into night clothes in response to this feeling, my upper left arm became intensely itchy.  The shot was administered to my right arm and it showed no reaction throughout this episode.  When I looked at my upper left arm it was very red but there were no hives, just widespread redness.  Then I became aware of itching at the waist, mid and lower back, upper buttocks and the backs of my lower legs.  All these places were quite red and again no hives.  The back of both lower legs had furrows and exhibited edema.  Apparently the legs of my jeans had caused the furrows as the cloth tightened in response to the swelling.  I took a generic Claritin and applied Eucerin Itch Relief cream to all the affected areas.  I took my blood pressure -- it was 148/81, quite high for me, pulse was a normal for me 63.  My temperature was 97.3.  The symptoms gradually resolved over the course of the next hour with the exception of some furrows and edema remaining on the backs of the legs.  My blood pressure returned to normal 118/68.  By morning there were no remaining abnormalities.  I did not seek medical attention.  I have several photos of the skin reaction.  Again I don't know if the vaccine caused this but thought I should report it in case it is of use to anyone."
"Raised bumps around injection site, spread out over upper arm. Has gotten increasingly more itchy and painful."
Patient states that he had pain in his rotator cuff area and thinks that the vaccination was given too high in the arm.
Extreme pain in Left arm and around waist and unable to ambulate without assist several days later.
"This letter is to describe the adverse reaction that I had to my pneumonia vaccine that I received the morning of September 24th 2015. I am a RN and have administered many injections over my 41 years of practice. I knew immediately that when I got both the flu and the pneumonia injections that they were both administered too high in the deltoid muscle and mentioned this to a couple other nurses that I work with immediately after my injections. The flu injection was given in my left arm and the pneumonia injection was given in my right arm. I have never that the pneumonia vaccine before so when it started hurting within a couple hours, I really did not think too much of it. I work in an office setting and was sitting at my desk all day, so there was nothing I did physically with my shoulder that day. I did ask a couple other nurses later that day if anyone had really painful shoulder but no one I spoke with had the pneumonia vaccine. At the same time as the pain in my right shoulder was increasing, I also began to have dental pain in multiple teeth on the right side of my face. Later that evening the pain in my right shoulder got much worse and I could not even undress without help to go to bed. Both the dental pain and the right shoulder became much worse the following day. I happened to have an appointment with my PCP on Friday morning. I asked him if was possible to have a shoulder injury from a vaccination. He had not heard of this and told me to keep my arm moving and use ice or heat which ever felt better. At first I did not relate the dental pain to this injection as I had had a gum graft on 2 of my right top teeth 2 + weeks earlier. The pain from that had pretty much subsided several days earlier. As Friday progressed both the dental and the right shoulder pain became increasingly more severe. I could not move my right arm at all due to the pain. It was about 5 pm on Friday evening that I realized that the injection sire was not sore at all. The right shoulder pain was deep inside my anterior portion of my shoulder where my rotator cuff would be. The pain became so exquisite that around 6 pm I went to the pharmacy and spoke with the pharmacist. He could not explain my pain either. He gave me the PCV13 vaccine form and told me I should file and adverse reaction form."
"Pt. got the flu shot at 1:10 P.M. After 10 to 15 minutes when pharmacist checked on her, pt. is on the floor but conscious. Pt. is clammy and complain of dizziness. Pt vomited. 911 called. Paramedics came and took over. Pt was fine after few minutes."
"Pt bled a little, a lump developed. No pain."
"Within minutes, left side of face became hot. Soon after, whole face hot, red, puffy. Eyes itchy. Sent to Occ Health and the ER. Given 2 BENADRYL, 2 prednisone, ZANTAC."
"Big red spot, pain lower part belly, itchy."
"For about 6 days I had swelling about three inches in a round circle, redness went other my arm about nine inches long and six inches across. The first day I had a headache. My arm hurt for four days. I called my doctor office. The nurse told me to use cold compress."
"Injection site red and sore started on 10/7/15. Increased redness that day. After 7 p.m., injection site became hard in center and hot to touch. Also itching to back of throat. 10/8/15 - center area hard 1 inch in diameter. Increased redness seen by physician and treated with steroids. Symptoms resolved."
Patient received FLUVIRIN MDV TIV 2015-2016 on Thursday September 24th and reported seizure on Saturday 26th.
Pt. developed hives and itching immediately after receiving the flu vaccine. The hives were widespread on pts body.
10/7 severe chills and fever F 100.3 at 7:00 pm - took 2 ADVIL rechecked temperature 11 pm - down to 99.6 very tired and restless nights sleep. Awoke feeling malaise and fatigue entire day of 10/8/15 sleep well that night. Awoke on 10/9/15 feeling back to normal.
Pain and itching in vaccinated arm.
"Patient developed """"itchy bump"""" on right upper arm in evening 10/14/15. Treated by mom with oral and topical BENADRYL. On 10/15/15 at school area enlarged over day and mom brought in for check at 2:30 pm. 5.5 x 7 cm induration at GARDASIL 9 site. Rx for oral prednisolone for 5 day course and OTC Hydrocortisone cream to area."""""
Small hives appeared on both thighs within 10 minutes of vaccine administration on (L) upper thigh.
"Shot was given at 2:30 pm, pt came back at 5:30 pm on 10/20/15, has shoulder pain from FLUZONE HIGH DOSE. Very insultive and irate pt."
"Pt had injection site reaction after getting FLUZONE High Dose 2015 vaccination. Pt right upper hand was looking little bit red, slight swollen. No chill, no fever, breathing ok."
Patient received flu vaccine in LA and same day got a bruise - bruise continued to grow along and around injection site - patient showed pharmacy 10/12 - patient said looked better.
Pt came in with red swollen upper forearm near injection site. Pt received shot on 10/21/15. Asked pt to see MD. (Left am).
Extreme itching and muscle and joint aches and fatigue.
Presyncope.  Had to leave work.  Recurrent for ~24 hours.
Noticed rash completely covering inner thighs and small area of upper abdomen With very little progression since noticing. The rash is accompanied by mild itching.
"Patient received flu vaccine on 10/13/15 at 0935 w/ no complications. On 10/14/15 awoke, with rash on torso and back that was """"sore"""" the next day the rash continued to spread to arms and legs. On Saturday, 10/17/15, was seen by personal dermatologist and given oral steroid treatment. Reported to health center on 10/19/15 w/ rash improving but still present."""""
"Patient presented with a mild rash around the site of injection on the left arm.  She said that it itched.  I recommended that she take Benadryl by mouth for the itching and to control the reaction and topical Hydrocortisone for itching as well.  I told the patient to keep an eye on it, if the reaction does not resolve in the next 3 days to let me know."
"AT THE TIME RIGHT AFTER VACCINE, PATIENT STATES HER ARM FELT WARM AND TENDER TO THE TOUCH.  ON 10/21/15 SHE REPORTED TO THE PHARMACY AND THE PHARMACIST NOTICED HER ARM BRUISED AND PURPLE, PATIENT DID NOT COMPLAIN OF PAIN.  SHE DID NOT SELF TREAT, PHARMACIST RECOMMENDED ACETAMINOPHEN IF SHE HAD PAIN AND FOR HER TO NOTIFY HER DR."
Patient stated arm where vaccinated really started to hurt. Stated it was more on the dorsal side of the tricep. The pain did not subside and in 12 days she went to an urgent care where she received ice treatment. She stated she has been using ibuprofen frequently and that she still has limited movement in that arm although the pain has decreased slightly. She stated this hasn't affected her lifestyle significantly and she plans to follow up with her primary care doctor.
"Pain, loss of motion in arm, shoulder, seems to be getting worse. Ibuprofen helps to control it."
Patient developed a red and warm area to the left arm on 1/20/15.  patient developed 100.8 temperature early morning 10/21/15.  The redness and warmth has also increased since 10/20/15.
"Patient experienced dry heaves, nausea, rigors, chills, and fever up to 101.4."
"Injection site was left deltoid. The numbness started, tingling, and cool feeling traveled from the injection site into my neck and corner of my lower lip and tongue. These side effects were very prominent the first 48 hours, then lessened. But even today, the corner of my left lower lip is still tingling."
"Swelling, erythema, itching.  Patient seen at PCP office and treated with Medrol Dose Pak."
"REDNESS, SWELLING, AND HEAT TO AREA WHERE SHOT WAS ADMINISTERED."
"Started to cough, red eyes with watery drainage, difficulty breathing, sore throat.  Used an inhaler and took Tylenol.  Saw acute care and was told to take Benadryl."
"Happened seconds after shot, metallic taste in mouth, high pulse, high blood pressure, hot feet and hot vaginal area, started to panic each episode lasted several mins 11 in total getting weaker as each one happened."
"Patient awoke during the night with nausea; pain and chills in calves, ankles, and feet; general chills; and arm soreness. These subsided by the next morning, though her arm remained very sore when touched for several days, and she has experienced thin, loose bowel movements for the subsequent week."
"Chills, fever (101-102F), muscle aches, extreme fatigue, headache. Ie, flu-like symptoms but this was not a mild reaction. It felt like full blown flu for 24 hours (symptoms were as severe as the actual active flu virus I had last year).   Onset was 10 hours after flu shot (Sanofi Fluzone QIV MDV). Fever lasted about 12 hours, headache lasted 24 hours."
Caused me to itch all over.
Painful at injection and aching pain has continued down my whole arm since then.  Very painful and wakes me up at night.  Reduction in mobility in that arm.
"Started as sore arm, then muscle aches, then headache, then chills and fever 100.4 started at 6:00 PM."
"At 1400 I began to feel tightness in my chest. Tried to rest and woke up at 1430 with worsening symptoms. My throat was scratchy, very hoarse voice, felt like I had to try really hard to talk. Breathing was difficult, felt like I had something in my throat, but j did not feel my airway was compromised. I was able to talk it was just difficult and I sounded hoarse. Began to cough. Very dizzy. Took 25mg Benadryl. Did not improve, but did not get worse. Decided to go to the doctor and get some steroids. Got an IM injection of dexamethasone and methylprednisone. My voice was less hoarse and easier to breath within 3 hours."
"Patient contacted the pharmacy on October 21, 2015 complaining of increased swelling, tenderness and itching at the injection site of the left arm.  Pharmacist recommended using ice and an antihistamine.  If no relief, contact physician."
"Back pain, joint pain, fever, cough, wheezing. NSAIDS and Theraflu."
"Patient received influenza vaccination 10/16 around 7:38PM. She states that the following morning of Saturday, she woke up with the injection site being very stiff all the way up to her collarbone to the point she could not move her arm. On Sunday, 10/18, the injection site/arm was still stiff, however, not as severe at the day before."
PATIENT REPORTED EXPERIENCING A SEIZURE WHILE AT WORK. PATIENT LOST CONSCIOUSNESS FOR UNDER A MINUTE AND WAS THEN TRANSPORTED TO THE ER. PATIENT REPORTS HITTING HEAD DURING THE SEIZURE.
Pregnant Participant was administered a flu shot of Afluria. There was no adverse reaction to the injection.
"Developed a rash on her torso which then spread to her back, bum, arms and face. But cleared up within 2 days."
"Generalized itchy rash/macule upper chest/neck/upper back. No hives, SOB or chest pain. No wheezing."
"Large red area where flu shot was given that was swollen, hot and itched.  Saw a doctor on Oct. 21, 2015 and was told it was infected and put on antibiotics for 7 days."
"Not reported until 10/22 at 10:20am. Injection site tender to touch, red, raised and scabbed over."
"A large red area where the flu shot was given that was painful, swollen and hot to the touch.  Saw a Dr on 10/21/15 and was told it was infected and given a course of antibiotics to take."
"SNYCOPE.. HIT HIS HEAD UPON FALL. VOMITED A COUPLE OF TIMES. EMTS WERE CALLED. PATIENT HAD LOW BLOOD PRESSURE. UPON FOLLOWING UP THE NEXT DAY, PATIENT HAD BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH LOW BLOOD PRESSURE AND DEHYDRATION DUE TO NOT EATING OR DRINKING ANYTHING ON 10/21/2015."
"Pain immediately and later persistently in (L) shoulder, particularly with ant flexion and flexion with internal rotation."
Local reaction - zoster vaccine (R) deltoid. Recommended Topical hydrocortisone.
Pt came to pharmacy on 10/21/15 reporting pain in left arm where flu shot was administered on 9/17/15.
10-15-2015 my left arm itchy - took off band aid on 10/15/15 and noticed small ulcer that has scabbed over never had rxn like this before - (L) deltoid heavy and sore for couple days.
Vaccine given 10/18/15 presented on 10/21/15 w/rash under arms on both sides.
"Chills body aches, sob."
"Trouble swollowing, itching and weeping eyes, vomiting, aching body, fever, difficult breathing. I considered going to Emergency, if breathing worsened I would have."
"Dizzy, nauseous, heart racing and my left upper arm was twitching uncontrollably. Pounding headache, nauseous, dizzy, achy and malaise."
Patients eyes rolled in the back of her head. She fell backwards arched her back and went stiff as a board.
"Soreness, aching and decreased range of motion post vaccine administration on 9/28/15."
Patient called to report that she was experiencing widespread itching after receiving the vaccine. She has never had a reaction to a flu shot in the past. Pt was told to take diphenhydramine and contact MD if symptoms worsen.
Patient passed out after vaccination for about 5 seconds. Patient was checked by paramedic and was fine.
Rash at injection site (L-deltoid).
"Itching on extremities, severe redness with bumps. Patient was issued a script by phone 10/21/15 for steroid cream."
"Pt presented to triage nurse with complaints of injection site: pain, redness, swelling, stiffness and abdominal nausea. For 7 days after PREVNAR's injection."
"Right arm sore, red and warm to the touch. Patient came into pharmacy on 10/21/15 and reported."
"Patient reported all over hives within 24 hrs of receiving FLUVIRIN shot, took BENADRYL. Resolved approximately 24 later, never any past problems with flu shots."
"Diarrhea, nausea vomiting symptoms getting better."
"Patient returned 22 days post vaccine to report that his arm had been sore since the injection. No bruising, swelling, or redness. Stated that arm hurt and tingled. Advised him to contact physician."
"Sore throat, Tired, Achy body."
Left ear fullness and dizziness.
"This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist referring to an 84 year old female patient. No concurrent or historical conditions were reported. It was reported that the patient received the last year a dose of PREVNAR vaccine. On 24-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a booster dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 (lot # K009874, expiration date 19-MAR-2016), unknown dose, intramuscular on unspecified arm. The same day, the patient received as well an unspecified flu vaccine which was given in the same arm as the PNEUMOVAX 23. Concomitant medication included Simvastatin (manufacturer unknown) and """"Lodapine"""". On 24-SEP-2015, the patient developed the initial reaction of bruising and swelling in her arm she received PNEUMOVAX 23, later the patient went to the pharmacy on 29-SEP-2015, with the swelling in the lower part of her arm showing some improvement. The patient sought medical attention with her sister who is a Nurse practitioner, she was treated with BENADRYL, TYLENOL and ice on the area. The outcome of bruising in her arm was reported as recovering/resolving. The reporter considered bruising and swelling in her arm was related to PNEUMOVAX 23. Additional information has been requested."""""
"""Hard lump"""" at injection site and into """"armpit"""" area. Feels this is some sort of """"reaction"""". This was reported via telephone and area has not been visually assessed by us."""""
Patient reports that 2 to 3 hours after administration of vaccine he began having trouble breathing. He laid down and after resting symptoms resolved without further treatment.
Injection site reaction after receiving PREVNAR. Patinet also received FLUVIRIN in the opposit arm.
"Arm at site of injection became swollen, hard, red and painful. The area that was swollen has peeled but continues to be red and painful."
"Immediately after administration, client stated that she felt strange with tingling sensation along left side of body. Blood pressure elevated at 5 and 15 min after injection. Client left clinic on own to go to urgent care and was directed to Emergency Room at medical ctr. Tingling in tongue still present on 10/21/15."
Left arm in pain for past 11 days. Arm is numb/almost paralyzed.
"Patient had redness and tenderness in arm of vaccination. """"Hardness"""" at injection site. Visited health department and told to take ALEVE. No hives, rash, difficulty breathing reported. Still """"hard"""" on day of reporting but not red."""""
"Vomiting, shivering, rash."
"Dizziness and pale, no shortness of breath, no swollen tongue, no fever, no redness to site of injection."
"At approximately 4:05pm, pt reported immediate dizziness after administration of flu vaccine. Reported name and DOB however unable to make eye contact. Pt advised to rest for 15 min. Mom present. Given H2O by RN and gummy candy by mom. Pt also reported sx of had HA and sweating. Cool to touch. After few min, pt report no HA, no dizziness, and feeling OK. Appeared in no distress. Pt left at approximately 4:45 pm with mother. Mom stated no previous reaction to flu shot."
Localized reaction to injection site right thigh. Localized reaction to left vastus lateralis injection site. BENADRYL 3/4 tsp given in office at 9:45AM.
Slight swelling and discomfort at inj site and axilla (L) arm. Temp 99.7.
"THIS WILL BE SENT VIA EMAIL, BOX NOT ALLOWING COMMENT."
"Shot in right arm for PPSV23. Pain in the right arm limiting movement and strength. Any use of the upper bicep or shoulder created intense pain leading to lack of sleep and lack of ability to complete daily routines requiring arm. Pain onset was a few hours after receiving shot, by evening it had intensified, and throughout the night because unbearable. In the morning pain was still present and limited mobility was still evident."
Pain 4/10 & swelling increasing over last 2 hours.
Patient developed blister on his left shoulder above the site where the Fluzone was administered.
Difficult moving arm in which injection was given.
"ALL JOINTS LOCKED UP, NECK WOULD NOT TURN FEVER AND CHILLS THROUGH OUT 20151014 PM. LEFT BIG TOE STAYED LOCKED UP UNTIL 20151022 AM, WENT TO DOCTOR ON 20151019 TO HAVE TOE CHECKED OUT WAITING ON BLOOD WORK, TOE STILL HURTS TO MOVE, BUT I CAN BEND IT AS OF THIS MORNING."
"Shoulder pain starting the day after patient received flu vaccine on 10/5. Pain spread into neck and worsened over several days. Patient saw chiropractor (no adjustments, but """"worked"""" on his neck with """"tools"""") and then went to ED on 10/11. Patient had CT scan which was normal. ED note states no evidence of infection, myositis, or vascular injury. Neuro exam was normal. ED physician advised patient to use NSAIDs regularly to help with pain and pt was discharged from ED with prescriptions for hydrocodone/APAP and cyclobenazprine. ED note does not mention flu vaccine as a possible cause of the patients symptoms and it was not added to his allergy list. Note from PCP on 10/20 states patient still complaining of shoulder and neck pain. Performed Xray which was normal. PCP note did not list flu vaccine as a possible cause for the pain and it was not added as an allergy."""""
"Really, swelling, discomfort redness in about a 3 inch diameter."
"Itching Throat, sweating."
"Following Fluvirin PFS 2015-16 IM Injection, patient apparently had syncope episode, not witnessed. Patient fall heard in front of pharmacy. Patient helped to floor horizontal position. 911 called. Patient lost consciousness for a short period of time by had a pulse and was breathing. Patient's son present. Son stated """"she does this"""", and asked for a candy bar. Son states pt borderline diabetic. Son insisted upon leaving before 911 responders arrived. Pt agreed with son to leave before 911 responders arrived. Pt appeared recovered, walked with assistance to car."""""
"Fever, chills (lasted 5 days), arm tenderness, feeling weak and fatigued on first day. 2nd day developed hives that was hot to the touch (that lasted 5 days) chest pains, heart palpatations, sore throat and itchy watery eyes."
"1.5 INCH BRUISE BEGINNING MORNING AFTER VACCINATION, CONTINUING TO BE 1 INCH 2 WEEKS POST VACCINATION. SAW MD TO ASSESS, NO TREATMENT GIVEN."
"Fever, chills, malaise, and then diarrhea three hours later.  Lasted 48 hours.  Treated only with Tylenol for the fever.  Evening of 10/09/2015 was coming out of bathroom with chills and fever and fell, resulting in a sprained wrist (dx at hospital ER morning of 10/10/2015)."
Immediately after the shot she experienced a cold arm. She was shaky and couldn't hardly walk. Her temperature dropped to at or below 70F (according to the pt). Pt experienced chest tightness as well.
Localized swelling at injection site. Applied ice pack at site and patient was dispensed Benadryl v25mg and advised to take 2 capsules once arriving home.
"APPROXIMATELY 1600, BEGAN HAVING PAIN INSTANTLY AFTER RECEIVING SHOT TO HER L DELTOID. AT THAT TIME AND ON THROUGH PAIN WAS SO BAD THAT SHE CRIED.  CONTINUES TO HAVE PAIN WHEN SHE REACHES BEHIND HER, RAISES ARM, PICKS UP ANYTHING HEAVY, CAN NOT CARRY HER PURSE ON THE L ARM. WITH MOVEMENTS PAIN WILL SHOOT DOWN TO HER ELBOW. THE PAIN CONTINUES TO AWAKEN HER FROM SLEEP, THEN SHE CAN NO LONGER LIE IN BED, HAS TO SLEEP IN RECLINER."
Her fever spiked suddenly from low-grade to 104.5 and she had a febrile seizure.
Racing Heartbeat started at 2:00AM. 120 beats per min.  Lasted 1 hour and then started racing again at 5:00 AM.
"CUP SIZED RASH ON ARM BELOW SITE OF ADMINISTRATION. RASH HAS SWELLING AND ERYTHEMA, AND FEELS WARM TO COMPRESS."
PAIN FROM INJECTION SITE CONTINUED OVER SHOULDER AND UP INTO THE NECK. MADE PATIENT'S NECK STIFF AND SORE AS IF HE SLEPT ON IT WRONG.
"Upper arm, shoulder is hot to the touch, redness in arm and some swelling started shortly after vaccine. By 10/22/15 pm redness and swelling still there and in moving down her arm toward elbow area."
"Patient complained of deep muscle pain, weakness of arm and loss of motor skills."
"Got shot in left arm. Approx one hour later arm went numb all the way to finger tips. Sensation got worse, felt like needles and being shocked by electricity. Blood pressure spiked, feet tingled, ankles tingled, roof of mouth was itching, upper lip was tingling, developed nausea and severe headache. Took a Benadryl and went to ER. Was treated with 2 steroids, Ativan and Zofran. Arm was still numb and tingling when discharged. Was told to follow up with pcp is arm is still numb tomorrow."
Injection site reaction; local redness around injection site; no other symptoms.
"Patient received flu shot in left arm on 10/12/15. He called pharmacy on 10/22/15 and stated that he noticed hives on his arm, shoulder, back, and waist on 10/16/15. He reported to have have for 4-5 days. Patient reported hives to not be overly bothersome. I recommended Benadryl for any itching and to see his primary care physician."
SWOLLEN REDNESS IN ARM LOCATED BELOW AREA IN WHICH INJECTION WAS ADMINISTERED.
"Headache, nausea, tiredness, followed by skin rash, swelling, and pain below injection site. It's now 10/22/2015 and all symptoms except tiredness still present."
Patient awoke 10/21/2015 with a large (about 2 inch by 2 inch) rash on left deltoid and 2 smaller rashes near that area.  Patient complained of itching and burning sensation.  Patient went to their doctor's office on 10/22/2015 and was prescribed a Medrol Dose Pack.  Outcome is unknown.
"Diarrhea, upset stomach, extreme stabbing pain on left side and pain on back, sensitive skin (burning sensation) from left waist to back, then on 10/10/15, visible rash appeared on front. Then spread over days to back. Shingles diagnosed by doctor on 10/10/15."
"Swelling of eyes, cheeks, lips, and left ear after 24 hours. Within 48 hours body aches and pain with severe lethargy."
"Patient received a quad flu shot at a pharmacy, within minutes became weak and dizzy, followed with nausea and lip tingling, also tongue numbness, feeling of passing out. Pt drove herself and 8 month old baby to an ER who would not listen any information related to the shot she just received, she was given 2 XANAX and sent home. The patient became sicker with a high fever and nausea vomiting and chills, all of her skin hurt. The pharmacy was made aware of the problem. She also had a hive at the injection site. She was put into a room with her baby and the door to the room shut, alone."
Pt has pain in forearm even after 10 days of vaccines. Also pain in biceps in arm (right arm).
Dizziness and mild disorientation within 24 hours of vaccination. Resolved on its own.
"Severe swelling and pain (L) upper arm, improved before Rx approximately 50 percent. Rx: Prednisone."
"PREVNAR 13 administered in the right arm - sore muscle, swollen arm and under rt armpit."
"Night of 10/20/15 child developed redness on left deltoid area measuring 50 mm x 50 mm. Per mother child complained of pain, itchiness and mild fever."
"Patient reacted to vaccine with red, itchy swollen area on arm.  Approximately 2 inches in diameter in center of larger paler red spot approximately 4x6"""" oval area."""""
"Rash on hands, welt on arm extending from shoulder to elbow. Aching joints and tiredness."
"Muscle tremors, Loss of motor function, Loss of Appetite, Dry mouth, Fever, Blurred vision, Incontinence, Disoriented, Headache, Memory Loss."
Rash and swelling at site of injection.
"Patient states she has pain, limited range of motion an difficulty sleeping since receiving the vaccine. Patient going to doctor today wanting reimbursement for appointment and tests."
Hard lump by lower biceps reported by patient. Pt obtaining MRI per pt 10/22/15.
HIGH DOSE FLUZONE administered by pharmacist on 10-19-15 at 7:00 pm. Developed localized reaction at site within one hour which increased in size and then had some paresthesia in left hand and had malaise when seen on 10-20-15. Had improved by 10-21-15 when phone call to patient.
Duplicate administration of FLUZONE 2015 Hi-Dose vaccine. Pt given FLUZONE 2015 Hi-Dose vaccine on 9/22/15 and again on 10/22/15.
"Patient came to see his PCP on 10/22/15 because the right arm where he received a PREVNAR 13 vaccine was red, a little swollen, and warm/hot to the touch per staff at Dr's office."
"3 days after vaccination, the arm (Rt) swelled, turned red around the arm and down to the elbow. He had a fever (103 degrees F) for 3 days, feeling sick. He still is red and skin is peeling on arm now. The red/peeling skin has been over the last 3 weeks. The fever, malaise subsided after 3 days."
Patient had raised red area around injection site that was warm to the touch. About the size of a half dollar.
"Patient states rec'vd influenza vaccine Monday Oct 5. No pain at admin. noted. Next day (Tues Oct 6) arm """"unable to bend - use arm). Symptoms increased. To see private physician today."""""
"2"""" x 3"""" reddened area, warm to touch, on left upper deltoid."""""
"Body pain, palpitations, sweating, neck pain, exhausted, bad headache."
CAR ACCIDENT DUE TO DISORIENTATION OF THE PATIENT.
"Redness, swelling and soreness at injection site."
Redness and pruritus (R) upper arm from shoulder to elbow.
I gave a full dose flu vaccine age 3 and up (0.5 ml) to a 2 year old child (child weight 36.4 lbs). This has been reported to parent and my supervisor.
"The patent describes heavy sweating, body aches, fever, and sore throat, plus 1 day of chest pain earlier in the week."
"Flu vaccine and Tdap administered day 1 9/29/2015. Day 2 - body aches and low grade fever - Tmax 99.2 also eye lid pain. Day 3 - woke up - puffy, red and painful eye lids, continued body aches and low grade fever through Day 6. Approximately Day 5, red raised macule-papular and painful rash to upper chest, upper back, bilateral arms and legs. This lasted through Day 11. Joint pain and edema began approx day 10 and continued currently."
Patient complain of a bruised back. She cannot lift anything heavy and above the waist. Cannot sleep on left side. Had to take meloxicam for pain.
"Not feeling well evening after shot given. Went to ER via ambulance, possible heart attack."
"Swollen, red, large area (L) arm, shoulder, itchy it spread almost around whole arm, it was hot painful."
"Fever, swollen throat, """"green stuff coming out of eyes: starting 4h after shot and resolving the next morning."""""
Hive like rash with central induration tenderness. Treated with antihistamines and KEFLEX.
Red hot rash and pain in joints down left side. Lasted 3-4 days and resolved on its own.
Developed heaviness (L) upper arm 1 hour after vaccine administration . Heaviness spread to hand and persisted. On 10/19/15 she pulled a neck muscle doing yoga and arm became tingly numb and painful. R/R PCP 10/12/15 given ibuprofen.
"Started with chills, fever of 102.5, fatigue, headache, shaking, vomiting at 9:15 PM. Heart rate 95 and felt like heart was beating out of my chest. No chest pain or difficulty breathing. Took 1 Aleve at 11:30. At 12:30 am fever decreased to 101.5. General aches. Fever 101.5 at 4:00 am. Now at 11:15 am fever is 99.6. Feeling better but general fatigue and mild headache remains."
"Could not lift arm that night, tried to keep moving it, iced it, seemed to worsen, hot water bottle, ADVIL. helped, very sore for about 3 days, hardly could move it. Told nurse on 9/21/15. Use BIO FREEZE and wraps for work days. 10-14-15 finally felt better. Started physical therapy (work) 10-13-15 electrode pads, achiness is better. As of 10017-15 not 100% very 95% better. Shot was given high on right arm - higher than in previous years."
Patient stated he had pain radiating up his back and neck. He also stated he moved a significant amount of weight/load at work the previous day.
Nerve type pain when making sudden arm movements especially reaching back behind. Has persisted for approximately 3 weeks now and is still on going.
"Very severe stomach pains, vomiting weakness in legs went on all day went to hospital said maybe virus, went to dr, was sent to have gall bladder check."
"10-17/15- Arm is sore, red inflamed, hot to the touch area about 2 inches below site of shot. 10/1815 - Area is still sore, red and inflamed."
"(L) arm marble size lump with baseball sized redness no fever but area painful. To use BENADRYL OTC be seen if area gets larger or fever, area hot but no fever documented."
"Chills, fever 102 degrees, felt like couldn't breathe, lasted 5 hours, no rash, felt like gasping for air couple of hours."
"Patient received a FLUZONE HD instead of FLUARIX PFS Qud. Had low grade fever, malaise and head/body ache."
"About 3 hours post injection, patient developed anaphylactic reaction. She had difficulty swallowing and felt lump in throat that progressed to difficulty breathing. Patient called ambulance and was given 50mg BENADRYL IM and oxygen. At emergency department, patient received further BENADRYL and steroids, which resolved symptoms. Unable to receive epinephrine due to allergy."
"FEVER AND ELEVATED BLOOD GLUCOSE READINGS. 488 THAT NIGHT, 308 THE NEXT MORNING AND IN THE 200'S TODAY. I TOLD HER TO CONTACT HER DR. I CALLED MD'S OFFICE AND THEY SAID THEY WOULD CALL BACK."
"Around 24 hours after the vaccine was administered, my right upper arm became red, swollen and warm to the touch."
"Patient was walking out of the room and start to faint, CNA saw him and held on to him RN and another CNA came to assist, placed in W/C.  Dr notified and patient assessed, placed on exam table. Pt was monitored, lunch was given, and he ambulated with steady gate, PERRL, A&O X's 3, at 1155 am. Gaurdian was told by RN if any problems return to ED ASAP."
Unprovoked seizure.
"Patient complains of muscle and bone pain, later uncontrolled diarrhea, fever, vomiting on 10-22-15, feeling better 10/23/15."
Rash noted around injection site then developed erythema and edema and warm to touch.
"Itchy skin all over, then I had broken out in hives! I've been taken hydrocortisone and Benadryl but it's not really helping that much."
"Presented to receive flu vaccine being offered by clinic. Allergies were identified as well as previous local reaction to vaccines. No known allergies to vaccine components. Denied anaphylactic reaction previously. No autoimmune diseased noted, or other contraindications. Vaccine administered in deltoid, at approximately 0847. Administering technician notified of reaction approx. 0855, Pt evaluated. Pt was unable to speak, wheezing, gasping/gulping for air, pulse was steady and regular. Skin warm and dry. Pt was alert and oriented, communicated through head gestures. Affirmed sense of 'Impending doom.' Tongue was notably enlarged. EMS was activated. Prelocal protocol an Epi-Pen auto injection was administered to lateral thigh at 0857. O2 was administered at 15lpm via NRB. 0900, reassessed pt. Breathing easier, pulse was more rapid. Able to answer with 1-2 word answers. Fire Department on scene at 0902. Vital taken and stable/as expected after medication."
Hives bilateral over arms and chest.
"Patient is 52 years old and has CAD. He is indicated for the Pneumovax. Nurse was not aware of the two different pneumococcal vaccines. Ended up grabbing Prevnar 13 from the refrigerator and gave him the injection. She did not notice it was not the correct vaccine until she was unable to document the vaccination in the chart. The lot number, etc.. is not available for me to report. He also received a flu shot on the same day."
"Patient developed red rash that extended from the vaccination site down her arm to her elbow. The rash did not hurt or itch, but was firey red and inflamed. The Patient noticed the evening of the 18th, and came in on the morning of the 19th to show me. She then went to a previously scheduled Dr's appointment an hour later and had the Dr. look at it. She told me the Dr. was unsure what it was or why it happened, but prescribed her Keflex 500mg twice daily to be safe."
"Severe pain at injection site, neck and down left arm, bruising, swollen lymph notes in L neck."
"Had Flu snd Pneumonia vaccines in the same arm on the same day and now arm is red, swollen and painful with left axilla tenderness.  Patient was seen in the office, received steroid injection, steroid, antiobiotic and pain prescriptions."
"PT HAS INJECTION SITE REACTION INVOLVING REDNESS AT SITE APPROXIMATELY 2 INCHES IN DIAMETER, SWELLING AT SITE, HOT AND TENDER TO TOUCH.  PT DOES NOT OTHERWISE FEEL ILL."
Red/swollen and warm to touch. Painful to touch. Red rash from vaccination site down to elbow. NO FEVER.
"Hives, itching, redness."
Patient complained of a very raspy throat beginning one day after vaccination and continuing for a week after.  Claims that he did not feel well enough to go to work.
"INJECTION SITE SORENESS, SWELLING, INFLAMMATION IMPROVED BUT SPREAD DOWN THE ARM."
"Painful, reddened area under breast and across rib cage to her back. She called in sick to work for 3 days and then went to a physician.  By the time she went to the doctor, it was a blistered rash running along this area.  She was diagnosed with """"severe shingles""""."""""
At 12:30pm approximately 30 minutes after having vaccine the patient had a generalized tonic clonic seizure.  The patient went to the Emergency Department.  Shortly in her Emergency Department stay the patient spiked a fever.  The patient recovered well and was discharged.
"Fever, weakness, muscle aches, scratchy throat, body aches, sneezing, stuffy nose, dehydrated, dizziness, headaches all pretty severe, especially weakness and body aches. Lasted 5 days so far and is still ongoing. I've been in bed too weak to do anything the entire time."
Patient's mother states that her daughter has flu-like symptoms and pain around the sternum area. Afebrile.
WHEN NEEDLE WAS REMOVED THERE WAS A SMALL AMOUNT OF BLOOD ATHAT CAME FROM THE INJECTION SITE AND I NOTICED THE TISSUE SWELLED SLIGHTLY ALMOST IMMEDIATELY. THE PATIENT SAID THEY FELT NOTHING I WAS CONCERNED BY THE SLIGHT SWELLING. AFTER 20 MINUTE PERIOD PATIENT WAS OBSERVED AGAIN FOR PRECAUTION AND THERE WAS NO CHANGE . PATIENT SAID THEY FELT FINE AND WAS UNDER NO DISTRESS. THE SITE WAS NOT RED OR INFLAMED JUST VERY SLIGHTLY SWELLED.
"Swollen eyes, itchy tongue."
"Hot, swollen, red splotchy arm that spread over the next to days to involve the entire upper arm.  Resolution with Benadryl within 72 hours."
Diarrhea; nausea; body aches; chills; 100.8 temp which lasted 24 hours.
"Very sore at site of injection immediately. Body aches began around 9 pm and progressively intensified until muscles of legs, back, arms, buttocks, and feet became very tender and painful.  Patient worked night shift at hospital and had difficulty walking and working due to pain. At 7:30 am on 10/23/15, took 400 mg of ibuprofen, 500 mg of Vit C, 5000 iu of vitamin D, and Zoloft 25 mg, and then went to sleep. Muscle aches had disappeared upon awakening at noon on 10/23/15."
"Flushing, blood pressure increase, nausea, faint feeling, warmth."
Achy pain in left shoulder. Injection site was high on the arm. Achiness comes and goes. The site of pain is a couple of inches below the injection site. I have this pain numerous times a day for up to an hour. It hurts to lift my arm.
Violent chills and shaking followed by fever of 102. This lasted until about 5 AM.
"He felt very cold, shivering, felt too cold to walk. He was in a warm room at school at the time. His rectal temperature at about 3:45 PM was 101*. At 4:30 PM it was 103.2*. It was 99* at 10:00 PM. By the next morning, there was no fever and no more symptoms. In addition, his arm hurt badly enough immediately after getting the flu shot that he didn't use it for the rest of the first day."
"Sore neck and neck area to upper shoulders.  Could barely move neck and it was terribly painful on 10/22, 10/23 and still is painful today.  Muscles in neck are still sore."
Gave Tdap shot then immediately after giving the flu shot the patient loss consciousness.  She turned very pale.  No seizure and still breathing.  She regained consciousness before paramedics arrived and no treatment was given.
"Crying, depressed unable to get out of bed (emotionally) reluctant to even speak. Monday afternoon I was well and happy and the following morning I woke up and felt like a freight train had hit me."
"Patient reports developing a headache early the next morning after the immunizations. She also had a change in blood pressure medicine (from lisinopril to Benicar). She still has an off and on headache today, 10/24/15. Patient reports acetaminophen lessens the pain."
"3 inch circle of red skin, tenderness, warmth, feeling of malaise, fatigue."
"Approximately 24 hours after vaccine administration, patient's mom noticed that the vaccine site (left deltoid) was swollen. The patient is afebrile and does not appear to be in any distress. On examination, the patient's left arm (from Left pectorus to Left elbow joint) is diffusely swollen, tense, erythematous, warm, and mildly tender. There is slight limitation of range of motion due to pain. This appears to be an impressive hypersensitivity reaction rather than an infectious etiology such as cellulitis."
Patient developed case of shingles.
Vomiting and diarrhea.
Soreness of arm.
Acute Allergic reaction; Fever.
"Extremely sore at injection site, continuing at least 48 hours. Muscle aches, sore throat, low grade fever, malaise."
"Severe shoulder pain started in L shoulder about 2 hours after receiving seasonal flu vaccine. The pain was different than previous vaccine related pain. Took Bandaid off and realized injection site was too high on shoulder. Pain has persisted for 12 days with limited range of motion and unable to lift, reach for items. No swelling, redness, or bruising. Motrin and heat for treatment. Pain still persists and is different than previous vaccine related pain."
"Severe congestion, fever."
Swelling and soreness of lymph in armpit. Pain and swelling increased the next following mornings 10/24-25/2015. May be the result of aluminum allergy and not being aware aluminum salts were used in Flu vaccinations. Flu shot was administered by a man whose job is to go around the hospital and administer the flu shot. Manufacturer in unknown and will be randomly input.
"Sore Shoulder, could move arm back and forth but unable to lift arm up without using other hand, PCP prescribed Medrol dose pack."
"Corneal Transplant Rejection. Severe Burning, Redness of Right eye and extremely blurred vision. Treated with Steroid drops."
"Extreme burning pain at injection site, traveling to elbow, back, shoulder, neck and into scalp. Went to Outpatient care then to Emergency Room and then to Primary Doctor for follow-up."
"Severe Shoulder Pain, unable to fully move arm, pain radiating up neck and down arm, tingling sensation into pointer finger and thumb- unable to fully dress self, use bathroom, reach for items, complete normal work and home tasks."
Patient states she has a rash that itches at injection site.
"Felt left shoulder blade discomfort on 10/21/15.  Felt numbness in left index finger on 10/19/2015. Numbness and tingling radiated down from shoulder to arm and to rest of fingers over the next few days.  The discomfort from left should blade down to arm and fingers is on-going and is worsening as of Oct 25, 2015).  I also experienced a mild cold-like symptom started on Oct 15, 2015."
"The patient presented to the pharmacy on 10/23/15. He said he felt fine after his shot on 9/30/15, but he woke up in the middle of the night that night and felt """"numb"""" down his arm where he received his shot, and also his back. He said he didn't experience any pain, just a strange numbness that he has never experienced before. When he woke up the following morning, the numbness was gone and he stated he did not experience it again."""""
"Sweats, heart racing and pounding."
Patient stated site got hard and was sore and then bruised which is slowly going away-just made us aware today (2 weeks later).
"Patient became confused a few minutes after her vaccination and the proceeded to pass out.  Her heart rate was in the 50s for a few minutes, but her blood pressure was fine when laying down.  She recovered within 30 minutes."
Patient came to pharmacy morning of 10-24-15 and said she had rash on her arm where flu shot was given. She then went to facility and was diagosed as having cellulitis. She was given prescription for clindamycin 300mg every 8 hours for 10 days.
Rash on legs still after 9 days.
Patient says the next day he experienced excessive sweating and some dizziness that lasted until the following morning.
"Fever 102.4, loss of appetite & drooling."
"Patient reports fever, pain and redness at the injection site. Patient reports symptoms have not yet resolved as of 10/25/15."
"High fever 102.8 at the above time. Fever over 101 lasted 10 hours. But initial symptoms of tiredness, headache and unsteadiness began about a few hours after the vaccine. Called facility for advice after fever peaked at 102.8. My wife, who is a chiropractor, gave me sponge baths and aspirin."
"It began with runny nose, slight fever, muscle aches on 10/16; swollen left cheek (sinus), complete nasal stoppage, constant mucous dripping out nostrils and down throat and terrible headache added on 10/17; then constant cough and sore throat added on 10/18; then difficulty breathing by 5AM on 10/19. Rushed to ER at 5:30am on 10/19. Given one dose prednisone. Saw pediatrian on 10/20. Rx: prednisone x 3 days, plus prescribed cough and nasal decongestant. She could hardly sleep and missed school all week due to all the symptoms!"
"Lump developed and became harder on 10/17 broke out in rash spreading down from site felt like pins on back, muscle soreness and Temp >100."
"Urticaria occurred at bedtime, resolved during the night and recurred next evening at bedtime again. Has not reappeared since. No other symptoms."
"Had sore arm the same day. The next day had blood sugar over 300 off and on for the next 2 days. Normal levels around 100-240. The blood sugar settled by 3rd day. On 3rd day, the abdominal bloating began; looked like if 6 months pregnant. Bloating was frequent and lasted for about 10 days. Also had nausea, on and off combined with the bloating. Took Tums a few times but did not help much. Had chills did not take temp to check whether had fever. Had not flashes/flushed. On and off mild headache. Feeling better by this Monday, feeling fine now.  The worst part of the ordeal was the bloating. Went to cancer doctor and told him about symptoms since had appointment. Pt was worried because of the other medical conditions she had. In the center they only use the regular flu vas so pt was not sure whether had the right one."
"Pt c/o severe weakness to the point where he could not stand. He described """"pain like electrical shocks going down his legs."""" Pt's Sx did resolve within 48 hours of onset."""""
"Right leg around injection site displayed redness, swelling, warm to the touch, tender.  By the next morning, the red area had spread considerably, covering about 1/4 of the thigh.  By the evening of 10/25/15, it stopped spreading, and by 10/26/15, it wasn't any worse and started to resolve."
Great grandmother reports that when they got home from appt and went to take patient out of carrier she had an episode of staring and shaking that lasted a couple of seconds and repeated the activity again 1 minute after. Went to ER and was evaluated. Referred to neurology for follow up. Dx: abnormal involuntary movements
Very sore Left deltoid muscle and is unable to lift arm without assistance of other (right) arm.
"Took 2 shots at noon, around 6 p.m. Severe chills for about an hour or so. Severe stomach issues and a high fever during sleep, very little sleep."
Patient states that around 5pm (later that night) her had was swelling (no redness just swelling) couldn't tell how far up her arm it went and not sure if related to flu shot and swelling did eventually go down on its own.
"Noticed a rash the following day. Stated it was hot and burning. Rash noted all over body. Injection site and (L) shoulder swollen, warm, red."
None stated.
"Slight SOB, cough, runny nose, tingly lips."
"Patient had severe anaphylactic reaction. It started 4 hours later - had throat swelling, dizziness - took BENADRYL. Developed severe flu-like symptoms which lasted 24 hours. (Fever, shiver, etc.)."
"At 8:30pm several hours after injection, pt had raised/swollen site of injection pt reported minimal pain, but swelling that was going down."
Patient developed body wide rash that's clearing up on 10/08/2015 to 10/23/2015.
"Pt seen at urgent care 10/23/15 c/o (L) arm pain/redness/swelling from deltoid down to elbow. Lateral and posterior reaction. Given KENALOG 40mg IM in office, prednisone 20mg BID x 5 days, ZANTAC 150mg BID x 7 days, loratadine 10mg qd x 7 days."
"Patient received vaccine on (PREVNAR) on 0/25/15. She said that 2 days afterward she experienced excessive gum bleeding, anal bleeding, trouble breathing, heaviness in chest, dizziness, blurred vision and itching at injection site. She did not go to the doctor for symptoms when she came into pharmacy her symptoms has subsided."
"Pt presented to pharmacy on 10/22/15 on/about 1300 hrs - with left arm redness around injection site - warm to touch, itchy and circular in nature - pt noticed on 10/21/15 area has reddened since."
"Pt was experiencing decreased control of left side of mouth, left arm, and left eye. Also left eye kept tearing. Pt went to MD a few days later and followed up Kw/ ophthalmologist and both diagnosed her with Bell's palsy. Both MD were not sure if coincidental or not?"
"Pt developed hives few hours later, swelling around left eye."
"Pt became very pale and nauseated about 10 min after injections. Resolved after emesis x 1. Then approx. 2 1/2 hrs. later her face felt itchy with a flesh colored raised rash. No swelling of face, tongue or lips."
"FLUZONE HD: chills, flu-like symptoms on late Friday 10-16-15 -> no treatment needed. PREVNAR 13: redness (size palm of hand), no pain, swollen start on Sat. 10-17-15 last 3-4 d."
Swelling left bicep. Ibuprofen and ice per ER instructions.
Vaccine was administered to patient. Injection stie rxn of increased bleeding with minor discoloration.
Vaccine was administered to patient. Injection site reaction of increased bleeding and swelling about the size of a quarter at location of injection. Subsequently went down over 24 hrs per patient.
"6-7 hours after getting the shot, patient experienced tightness in the throat, started with the chills and high fever, feel very weak and couldn't stand up. Went to Dr the morning after. Per dr. pt is not tolerating HIGH DOSE."
"Patient reports """"cellulitis"""" at injection site."""""
Patient presented for a flu shot. Shot administered on 10/20/15 at 10 am. That evening call into the following day her arm became red and warm to the touch. She was concerned it could be cellulitis as it was warm and red. She presented to walk in care and was prescribed cephalexin 500 4 x a day for 10 days.
Burning/hot at site of vaccination. Grew to the size of a baseball/hard/hot. Rash developed on (L) arm to elbow then next am rash across torso. Progressed to other arm lasted 1 wk - started w/cough/chills 3 days. later - BENADRYL helped/cortisone cream.
"Within 10 mins of vaccination had increased heart rate, felt throat was closing, Went to ER for BENADRYL injection."
"An itchy rash appeared on torso the next afternoon, about 24 hours. after receiving the vaccine the previous day. She was already taking prednisone (for unrelated condition) and I advised her to take some BENADRYL on top of that as well."
10x14 Maculopopular rash at injection site on right arm with warmth.
On the evening of 10/7 had bad headache on right side. Usually don't get headache. Bad cough started days later. Had really bad throat; so bad that it was hard to swallow. On 10/7 saw doctor who prescribed cough medicine with codeine and 5 day antibiotic. After finishing antibiotics did not feel much better. Headache and sore throat were gone but cough remains. When the vax was administered felt pain going down right side in back. Told nurse who was surprised to hear about it. Yesterday pain in the right scapula started. It has been hard to walk with crutches. Today has appt with doctor to follow-up pain in back which still hurts.
"Big red swollen area that felt warm to the touch and was hard, it itches and is a little discolored."
Patient returned to pharmacy two days later stating her injection site had become infected. Red area on arm noted by pharmacist.
"Almost immediately following dinner became sick to stomach with dry heaves and (1) vomit, followed by chills and then I had 2 hours of body becoming rigid and shaking out of control.  Spouse ate same as I and no had no adverse effects.  This lasted a total of 3-4 hours and took 2 Tylenol pm's to get some rest.  The next day I was very sore from the convulsing and weak; but able to get around.  The next day I was almost normal but still very shakey feeling.  I've had mild reactions in the past; but this was very severe.  My husband wanted me to go to emergency; but I felt it was a reaction to shot and would soon stop, so did not feel I needed treatment."
Localized cellulitis at injection site requiring PO antibiotics (KEFLEX). No other symptoms.
"Patient stated 2 hours after vaccine, swelling of arm from shoulder to elbow, red, pain running do arm occurred. Couldn't lift arm."
Patient experienced sharp pain during the injection. Muscle pain/aching was severe and he woke up the next morning with weakness in his arm and limited range of motion. These effects have been ongoing.
"Red, hot, inflamed, crusted center in the postero-lateral fat of upper arm 10/24/2015 started KEFLEX 250mg cap."
"Erythema and swelling og the (L) upper arm, 13 x 11 cm."
"Received quadrivalent influenza vaccine 10-23-15. C/o itching at the site starting at 6 pm that night. C/o tenderness at the site, redness larger than 50 cent size nad headache started at about 6 pm the same night. No difficulty breathing. Dr notified advised ibuprofen 600 mg for headache/ice pack to use on arm."
"Neck, arm, back, buttocks soreness, heart palpitations, face breakouts, back stiffness and soreness/pain, constipation, chills, cold/flu symptoms."
"Noted redness and swelling of RT deltoid 10-13-15 later in the afternoon. Redness and swelling increased this mornng from yesterday. Soreness under arm as well area very to touch. Area redness 2""""6"""" wide and 3 1/2"""" long."""""
Administered FLUVIRIN vaccine to patient and patient became weak and shaky within 10 min after receiving shot. Patient was transported to the emergency room.
Swollen left arm and under arm with bruising. Going down the arm and hand.
Two days after vaccine was administered patient develops severe bursitis.
"Patient c/o red rash 2-3 inches below from site of injection, more on inner side of the left arm. Per patient, feel warm to touch and almost feels like a post tetanus vaccine tightness and soreness. Pt been taking Flurbiprofen and Amoxil for post dental work and has purchased OTC Benadryl today and will do cold compressions and Tylenol b/c pt now done with flurbiprofen."
Flu shot was given in right shoulder - pain since day 2 and now having difficulty using (R) arm - pain is worst issue.
"Noticed problems, more than expected, on right arm. Stiffness and inability to move - like paralysis - on shoulder joint. Had enough pain to call nurse on hotline for pain. Recommended ADVIL and TYLENOL. The medicine helped a little but got worse. Even though was taking ADVIL every 4-6 hours still getting up at night. Has problems moving arm; can't lift it on its own higher than the chest. Called doctor the next day who recommended to continue to take ADVIL. It doesn't seem to be getting better. Pain is going down arm; pain in joint is steady but down arm is intermittent. Pain level is at 4/10 with ADVIL."
"Patient stopped breathing for 30-45 seconds lost consciousness, unresponsive. Did not initiate CPR, but pressed chest to force exhaulation. Called 911. Patient had reqained consciousness by the time ambulance arrived."
(Stopped in office) patient states that she noted soreness and then looked at arm and saw the redness and swelling (20 mm x 8 mm) some itch Dr. and NP suggested cool compresses and antihistamines for the local reaction.
10/6/15 noted lymphadenopathy left axilla. No other symptoms. 10/7/15 called PCP to report. Ok to keep already scheduled appointment 11/4/15 and not sooner.
Slightly raised red area about the size of my palm. Warm to touch.
"Redness and swelling upper left arm, pt denies fever."
"Redness, warmth, and pain at injection site x 4 days."
"Cough, watery eyes, stuffy nose, aches, fatigue. Several hours after shot lasting through next day."
"Severe upper arm pain on injection arm (left arm) that radiated up shoulder and down arm to elbow 2hrs post injection, fever (alternating chills and sweats) and headaches that lasted approx 24 hours post injection, generalized fatigue. Arm pain persisted for 3 days with slow reduction in soreness over time. Fever and headaches were controlled by ibuprofen at regular intervals on 10-23-15."
"Left leg swelling, hives on the skin."
"Patient complained of chills, sweats, light headedness and fever that evening at work. She reported not feeling well enough to eat anything. The next morning she became ill at work and passed out. She was transported to emergency."
"Severe Lower back spasms, slight fever."
"Mother states pt ran low-grade fever night of/day after shots, treated w/ OTC TYLENOL and MOTRIN. Pt has been guarding/favoring right thigh despite medication, warm compresses, and muscle massage. Pt is unable to tolerate bending leg to play, and drags leg when walking."
"Early evening I experienced exhaustion, headache followed by shaking chills throughout the night. I also experienced pain in my back, hip and legs. I found myself panicking and had difficulty breathing. I took 2 extra strength TYLENOL in the middle of the night."
"Severe pain in arm at location of flu shot, a bit woozy as patient left store. Pain lasted through the next day."
"Fever low grade, chills, headache, myalgia 1.5 hours after injection. No local reaction noted."
"Oct 1, 2015 at noon - flu vaccine. For 1 1/2 days one side of throat swelled, and cheek swelled like a golf ball, lower back pain - kidneys. I never have lower back pain. This all started 26 hrs after vaccine. I took 2 loratadine (antihistamine pills). I am still concerned for kidneys if permanent."
Family and dept of health informed of flu shot given at 3 months old. No adverse reactions noted but ineffective. Family cooperative and understanding.
"2 days after administration of vaccine, patient had numbness and tingling in his feet, unable to walk and was hospitalized. Patient came to me on day 5."
"Itching and hives at injection site and on neck and face. Within 30 min. of shot. Next day lump and redness that is continually growing larger. Muscle and severe fatigue. Sensitivity at site, under arm. Put on BACTRIM and ZYRTEC."
"Pt reports severe headache that lasted almost all day, polymyalgia, no fever, injection site was sore, but no swellng. At time of reports no headaches n/v or weakness."
"Bruise at injection site, pain in arm, mild neck pain. No treatment. Symptoms went away after two days."
PATIENT COMPLAINED OF ARM HAVE NOT BEEN THE SAME EVER SINCE VACCINATION AND IT'S STILL SORE ON 10/26/2015 WHEN CAME IN AND REPORT THE SORENESS. SHE CLAIMED THAT SHE COULD NOT LIFT UP HER ARM TO COMB HER HAIR.
PAIN IN RIGHT ARM WHERE SHOT WAS GIVEN. DOES NOT HURT TO TOUCH. NOT ABLE TO PERFORM FULL RANGE OF MOTION.
"Worked all night here in our EMS, got his annual flu shot 0715 hrs in right arm. No problems with injection site and has received it annually without any problems before. Awoke 1 1/2 hrs later vaccine with choking and sensation of tongue swollen. No rash, no itching, no swelling lips or hands. Patient was also given famotidine 20 mg IV in ED.  Uvula was larger after treatment in ED. Patient discharged from ED with Prednisone 40mg daily for 5 days and to return to ED if any SOA. Patient did not return to ED."
Red spot at inj site 12 days ago. No swelling or discomfort (R) leg.
"FLUZONE HD administered 10/23/15. On 10/25/15, pt reported itching/redness at injection site started on 10/24/15. By 10/25/15, itching/redness started to travel down her arm."
Swelling and itchy (L) arm at inj site temp 100.2.
Red dots over trunk and face 10 days post MMR temp 101.1.
Muscle fatigue/weakness.
When the vaccine was administer it bleed. The lady giving me the vaccine clean the area and cover it with a bandage. Two/three days later the skin had peel back in the area where I got the shot a small sore had formed. It was painful in the area then a scab had formed over it.
"Oculorespiratory Syndrome. Swollen/red eyes/eyelids itchy. Swollen ear canal itchy. Inflamed nasal passage. Abnormal breathing. Swollen mouth. Swollen tongue. BENADRY, OPCON A, FLONASE, Dr. exam. Hydrocortisone."
Pt. started having aches and pain about 5 hours after shots. Temp 103. Loss of appetite. Pain in joints. Could not lift herself out of chair. Swelling and redness in L arm 5 inches x 3 inches in size.
"Injection was placed too high and too far to the front of arm, into a tendon. I have been to 2 doctors, one recommended ice - it did not work. The other says heat. Certain arm movements are terribly painful. There is still a lump in my arm, after 1 month."
"10/12/2015: fever 101.8. 10/13/2015: fever 101.3. 10/14/2015: fever 102.5 fussy, cold like symptoms. 10/15/2015: fever 102.9 vomiting, cough, fussy, rash - seen by Dr."
"Pt reports shoulder joint pain, crepitus, should instability, limited range of motion of shoulder due to pain."
"Rash on face, chest, back, arms, legs. Erythematous slightly raised round spots 0.2-1 mm diam, no vesicles, papules, scale, or crust."
"10-25/26-15 rapid 150 pulse 10-25 & previously skipping beats but <90 bum. Still running 120-150 after urinating. O2 96-97. No other symptoms. Did not eat well till 1900 corn&shrimp. Just 2 donuts & 8 oz OJ prior. Note: had hot flu shot 10-20 -15 muscle aches neck, back, chest 10-24 relieved w/2 Tylenol ea 6 hrs till 10-25 (total 8 pills). O2 @ 2-3 l/min. Pulse rates @ rest! 7 cups coffee no alcohol past 4 days. Constipated 10-25. No fever, sweating, arm or chest pain, not faint, mentally alert. Pulse returned to 90 bpm @ 0320 when I urinated. Checks @ 0545, 0745, & 0945 were 90 90 87! O2 @98 throughout no pains except modest ache in R anterior trapezius radiating to R  shoulder. All normal @ 1000 Mon 10-26-15. Flu shot reactions? Have had vaccine annually sine 1953 with no reaction.  This was the first time the shot hurt when injected.  It was the """"hot"""" shot for those over 65.  Also prior to this event, I experienced back, chest, and neck muscle aches for 16 hrs 10/24/2015 that were relieved with Tylenol. I have COPD and am on supplemental O2 @ 2 lpm. No breathing problems experience and O2 levels remained at 98-97%. I'm a PhD research microbiologist. I hope this information will be helpful.  As of 11:25 AM Monday 10/26/2015 I am back to normal and eating well."""""
"Patient reported muscle pain/soreness in the arm he got flu shot in. He reported taking Tylenol to alleviate the pain, but that did not help. He did not tell us until 10/26/2015. Patient Primary MD started him on cephalexin on Friday to help alleviate the pain. I left MD a voicemail for pain prescription medication recommendation."
"Nausea, vomiting, stomach ache, chills, body aches, headache, fever, left leg swollen at injection site, hard not at injection site, left leg pain. Treatment: Alternate Ibuprofen and Tylenol. Alternate hot and cold packs."
"Pain and swelling at site of injection lasting more than a month. Extreme pain, can't lie on side."
SORE ARM.
"Neurologic sx: impaired thinking, difficulty completing sentences, laughing inappropriately, speed of talking was slowed and pitch of voice different, acted like she was """"under the influence"""" of a drug. When asked any question she could only answer """"I don't know."""" She received vaccine on Monday, began acting strange on Tuesday, left work early on Wednesday and felt back to normal when she got up on Thursday. As a side note, she experienced the usual side effects of body aches sore throat and mild congestion."""""
Pain at site of inject for more than 1 month. Extreme pain. Can't lie on it.
"After a week, pt, reported severe itching, to where she bruised her skin, reddish-purple from elbow to shoulder. Stated it was hard at injection site, and very warm to touch. This was due to PREVNAR - upper left arm affected."
"Left arm where shot given was red and swollen/raised, feeling flushed, feeling feverish, general malaise."
ALL JOINTS ACHING VERY BAD. SWELLING OF HANDS AND MOST OF ENTIRE BODY.
"Flu like symptoms lasting 12 hours; 20 days later, severe pain in back near left shoulder blade; 2 days later, Shingles developed."
"DISCOLORED REGION LOCATED 2 INCHES BELOW INJECTION SITE. RASH DEVELOPED BENEATH DISCOLORED REGION, SPREADING ~3INCHES IN AREA. NO TREATMENT SOUGHT."
Large red extremely painful swollen knot at the site of injection. Looks like a poisonous spider bite.
Severe pain started a few hours after injection. Pain is worst with movement - put arm in sling.
Patient still experiencing pain at injection site approx 28 day post injection.
"Myalgias, worse at the end of the day, better at the beginning of the day, lasting over 2 weeks. Peak symptoms were on days 4-6 of illness."
"Very dizzy, increased heart rate, heavy breathing. Felt like I was going to pass out."
Patient presented to her physcian with injection site reaction. Provider gave her antibiotic (Bactrim) in case there could have been a probable infection.
Swelling of upper and lower right arm.
"Stomach pain in upper left abdomen.  Dizziness, blurred vision.  Numbness and tingling in left arm pectoral and jaw."
Pt's daughter called to report patient was feeling nauseated and slightly dizzy.  These are side effects listed in the literature.
"Patient called our pharmacy on 10/20/2015 at around 2PM to inform us that she experienced a severe allergic reaction that she thinks is due to a flu shot (Fluzone high dose) that she received at our pharmacy on 10/14/2015. She said that she had a rash all over her body including her hands and knuckles. She said that her feet were swollen; that she had lumps on the palm of her hand/feet and underneath her skin. She claimed that this all happened 2 days after receiving the flu shot. I asked her what her Dr thinks this kind of reaction came from and she said that her Dr doesnÆt know exactly and prescribed for her Medrol dose pak to treat this condition. She also took Benadryl and it didn't help. I questioned her if she took any new drugs before experiencing the rash to see if it was due to a new drug that she may took and she said no. She stated that she only took her regular medications, which cause no problems in the past. I also asked her if she had the flu shot in prior years and she said yes and that she had no problems with the regular flu shots in the past. She informed me that she started her Medrol dose pak on 10/19 and on 10/20 she did not see improvement and asked me what to do. I told her to give it 1 more day and that if she does not see improvement by 10/21 that she should let her Dr know to see what they recommend. It was her first time getting the high dose flu shot so I think she may develop this allergic reaction from receiving the high dose formulation of the flu shot, which is kind of unusual since she had regular flu shots in the past. Pt was complaining that she had to pay a fortune to see several doctors to get this condition treated."
PATIENT FALL ON THE FLOOR AFTER THE FLU VACCINE ADMINISTRATION. SHE FELT DIZZY FOR MORE THAN 10 MINUTES. CALLED 911.
Patient have vaccinated twice. One on 9/30/15 with flu quadrivalent at her doctor's office and one on 10/26/15 with Fluzone high-dose at her pharmacy.  No symptom is reported.
Patient reports that she has asthma and usually begins coughing when she has an asthma attack. She reported coughing and felt like there was a lump in her throat like throat may be closing. Patient said that she did not have difficulty breathing. Patient said that she took 75mg of Benadryl and drank tea with caffeine. She went to bed and said she woke up and feels fine. Only reports a mild temperature and a headache.
"Facial swelling and redness, Mom noticed 5-10 minutes after receiving flu vaccine. Monitored in office by RN and MD until resolved. Resolved on it's own without intervention."
"Swelling and redness around left shoulder into upper biceps, lymph node and right breast."
"Patient received PREVNAR vaccine 9/28/15. Had pain and weakness in RUE, decreased R shoulder ROM."
"Soreness at injection site, artnusr reaction."
Vomiting; Diarrhea; Fever; Bodyaches.
Rash lump swollen very itchy.
"Pt indicates that had a vaccine earlier in day 10/24/15 and bleed where vaccine was administered. He went home and about 4 hrs post vaccine felt cold/shaking and had a temp 104F. Today he presented with a 3x2 erythema at the site of injection and injection site is still tender, but fever/cold/shaking has resolved."
Extreme pan at the site of injection. Could not life arm  up and down or side to side after 3 weeks post shot.
"On 10/7/15, Patient developed severe left arm pain, the next day (10/8/15), welts formed on left arm as well. Pain does radiate into left hand and neck. Rash has since resolved."
"Patient indicates that area where the vaccine was administered is red, warm, pain, fever, and burning.  Went to the doctor on 10/21 and 10/23/15 and they gave him antibiotics in an IV.  Now he is taking oral Cephalexin 500, Dologen and anti-inflammatory."
After receiving vaccine two days later customer presented with red and tender area on arm. Area was covering large portion of upper arm.
"Patient got rash on her extremities, on her back, stomach area. It was red and itchy. Patient went to dermatologist and got meds."
Redness around injection site and itchiness on the day of injection but only spots remain today.
Patient had redness and itchiness with spot on the folds of her arm.
"Fast, irregular heart beat."
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of productive cough in a 81-year-old female patient who received BOOSTRIX. Co-suspect products FLUZONE HIGH DOSE. Concurrent medical conditions included blood pressure high abd diabetes. Concomitant products included antihypertensive nos, insulin nos and diuretics nos. On 2nd October 2015, the patient received BOOSTRIX and FLUZONE HIGH DOSE. On 2nd October 2015, an unknown time after receiving BOOSTRIX, the patient experienced vaccine administered at inappropriate site. On 11th October 2015, the patient experienced productive cough. On an unknown date, the patient experienced feelings of weakness, tiredness and shortness of breath. The patient was treated with MUCINEX. On an unknown date, the outcome of the productive cough was not recovered/not resolved and the outcome of the feelings of weakness, tiredness, shortness of breath and vaccine administered at inappropriate site were unknown. It was unknown if the reporter considered the productive cough, feelings of weakness, tiredness and shortness of breath to be related to BOOSTRIX. Additional details were provided as follows: This case was reported to a doctor. This case was reported by the patient's daughter. Concomitant medications included heart medicine, high blood pressure medicine, insulin and water pills. The reporter stated that the patient was not feeling well prior to receiving BOOSTRIX and FLUZONE HIGH DOSE. The reporter tried to get her mother to wait a couple of days before going to the pharmacy. On 2nd October 2014, at 11:30, the patient received BOOSTRIX in gluteal region of deltoid region, which led administration of vaccine at an inappropriate site. On the same day, the patient received FLUZONE HIGH DOSE vaccine. On 11th October 2015, 9 days after receiving the BOOSTRIX and FLUZONE HIGH DOSE vaccine, the patient was coughing up a lot of mucus (productive cough). In October 2015, less than a month after receiving BOOSTRIX and FLUZONE HIGH DOSE vaccine, the patient was feeling weak, tired and had shortness of breath. The healthcare professional was contacted and the patient was instructed to go to the emergency department if she continues to feel bad. The reporter was not sure if the symptoms which her mother was experiencing was due to taking BOOSTRIX or FLUZONE. The patient seems to feel that taking BOOSTRIX gave her the whooping cough instead of preventing it."
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of fever in a 7-month-old male patient who received HAVRIX pediatric (batch number PN7GD, expiry date 17th November 2017). Concurrent medical conditions included sickness. Concomitant products included FLUZONE, PENTACEL and PREVNAR. On 15th October 2015, the patient received HAVRIX pediatric (intramuscular) .5 ml. On an unknown date, less than a week after receiving HAVRIX pediatric, the patient experienced fever, and inappropriate age at vaccine administration. On an unknown date, the outcome of the fever was recovering/resolving and the outcome of the inappropriate age at vaccine administration was unknown. The reporter considered the fever to be possibly related to HAVRIX pediatric. Additional details provided were as follows: This case was reported by the patient's mother. On 15th October 2015, at 11:00, the patient received a dose of HAVRIX pediatric at an age of 7 months in left leg. This led to an inappropriate age at vaccination. The patient was sick prior vaccination and then became more sick after receiving the vaccine. Specifically the patient experienced fever. The reporter thought that, the patient might be fighting the flu. The reported batch number (PMGD) for HAVRIX pediatric vaccine did not exist and was updated to PN7GD according to the sales database."
"Joint/muscular body pain nausea, vomiting, diarrhea sore throat, fatigue, nasal congestion."
"Patient reports that since she received her flu shot (3.5 weeks ago) she has been experiencing pain in her shoulder, thinks immunization was given too high-above deltoid muscle."
"Pain in shoulder, particularly upon raising arm above head, stretching arm behind back, and other shoulder rotations. This pain has persisted for 1 month."
None stated.
"Pt had swelling at injection site, itchiness that spread throughout body no fever or headache. Went to urgent care - was prescribed KEFLEX, prednisone, ATARAX."
"Closed left nostril, weakness of muscles on left side of face, inability to fully blink with left eye, inability to close left side of mouth tightly, etc."
SWOLLEN LIPS PROGRESSING TO RASH AND ITCHY THROAT.  NO SOB.
"Very sore muscles starting halfway down the left arm, up to the shoulder, across to the middle of the shoulder and down to the middle of the trapezius."
Severe intermittent shoulder pain; unable to fully lift arm; that lasted for 7-10 days. Exacerbated by certain motions. Pain has lessened but discomfort is always present and pain is exacerbated by multiple routine motions. Hand/lower arm occasionally feel tingly/asleep. This has persisted for the last few weeks.
"Patient reported having difficulty breathing from about 1am to 7am the next morning.  Her arm was slightly sore on the 22nd, but after 7am on 10/23 she reported no other problems and she was feeling fine when I spoke with her on the 26th."
"Worsening pain to L deltoid region where vaccine was administered. Limited range of motion, mainly abduction of left arm due to pain."
"Urticarial rash on arms, chest, back occurred about 12 hours after influenza vaccine administered. Patient took antihistamine and by morning symptoms resolved."
Received flu vaccine 10-15-15. Had (L) deltoid pain several days then relief. Pain in (L) deltoid area resumed as gradual dull pain and developed weakness and difficulty with range of motion. Difficulty in lowering arm. Difficulty lifting weight.
Pain and induration at site of injection ((R) deltoid M). Also heat and tingling (in (R) shoulder).
Local reaction quarter sized redness/bump/warmth.
Day following vaccine 6 am -> 8 am complete amnesia and confusion without other neur symptoms. Dx: Transient global amnesia.
Per patient report symptoms include pain to injection site occurred immediately and continue without improvement. Dull ache to right shoulder (deltoid area) is rated 2-3/10 with pressure. Pt is able to have the pain relieved at 0/10 with use of TYLENOL 500 mg 2 tab po PRN. Pt reports pain has not lessened.
Erythematous 11 x 9 cm raised lesion at the injection site on the left upper deltoid muscle.
"First noticed red splotch on arm with a radius of 1.5"""" around the shot location. Two days later Splotch turned dark red with bumps.  Pain in arm and numbness made me go to immediate care and a physician on 10/21."""""
Blood shot eyes. Face was flushed red. Aches in back. Slight headache and neck ache.
Sore throat-sinus congestion-aching-chills-coughing almost all flu symptoms.
"Mom noticed a rash starting on 10/26/15 about 6:30 PM on his trunk.  No fever or any other symptoms.  Does not appear itchy.  Seen at the health department on 10/27/15 0900.  Maculopapular red rash to trunk, head, and spreading down arms and legs.  No additional symptoms.  Was seen at Medical Clinic by P.A. impression that it was a measles/rubella rash due to recent vaccination."
"Patient presented to center manager stating she was having chest pain; she was evaluated by myself-she stated that she was having chest pain, sob, nausea and left arm pain; both BP and pulse where elevated and she was very pale; donor stated previous hx of CPR in the past-unsure what caused her heart to stop at that time; after discussion with center medical director donor was sent via ambulance to Medical Center for evaluation; donor was discharged same day with diagnosis of costochondritis; patient states she was told by ER doctor that the costochondritis was probably due to recent flu vaccine."
"I was talking and it started to fell like I had burned my tongue on something hot, then I could start to feel the blisters forming on my tongue and then about 15 minutes later my throat started to tighten."
Patient came to pharmacy and stated that he had received the influenza vaccine 10/3/15 and was still having arm pain and decreased range of motion in shoulder.
"Symptoms started within 1 hour of injection. Chills and difficulty breathing. No fever, no problems at injection site. Symptoms persisted through the night but were improving the next day (approx 24 hrs later) patient took some BENADRYL."
"At 9PM on day of administration, left arm became painful, swollen, and slight discolored lump at site extending to chest. At 11:45 AM, pain and swelling had decreased and pt prescribed APAP 500mg and Diphenhydramine 25mg."
Received FLUZONE HD on 10/13/15. (1st time receiving high dose flu shot) went to ER by ambulance on the night of 10/13/15. Had a fever of 104 degrees F and increased heart rate/chest pains. Was treated for symptoms and discharged home. Previous years received regular trivalent flu shot.
10-1-15 Flu vaccine given - gradual pain in left deltoid and weakness. No effect on ROM.
"0600 - Flu vaccine IM. 0630 - Lip swelling, tight throat - admitted to ED for treatment. Symptoms resolved with IV BENADRYL and """"one other med"""". Discharged from ED at 0740."""""
Large swollen circle under injection site.  Lasted for 5 days.  Still sore to touch.  No swelling as of 10/27/2015.
"Gave PCV13 to 53 yr old diabetic - should have been PPSV23 only for his age. Was reading the recommended adult IZ schedule for 2015, but was considering him immunocompromised and should have read further where it specifically addressed diabetic - upon talking with pt today 10/26/15, pt.  has had some  on and off tingling ring finger, middle finger and under arm L. No other symptoms will check out with provider if continues."
Flu shot R arm 2 weeks ago shoulder is sore.
"10/9 Presented with large area bruised swollen and discolored - pt states painful. Rph recommended MD visit. Pt made appt and was seen. MD advised symptom care, time, no further attn unless continues to worsen."
"Patient experienced bruising and she could not move her arms at first, but now she can, is getting better slowly. Was also swollen."
"Woke up with a severe headache, nausea, diarrhea. Also experienced horrible leg cramps. Vertigo and head spinning when down from bed. Recovering."
"Left arm swelling and pain. Local reaction, fairly large, temp 98.9."
"This case was reported by a pharmacist via call center representative and described the occurrence of injection site swelling in a 84-year-old female patient who received BOOSTRIX (batch number B4SD9, expiry date 24th September 2017). Concomitant products included FLUZONE. On 20th October 2015, the patient received the 1st dose of BOOSTRIX (intramuscular) .5 ml. On 20th October 2015, immediately after receiving BOOSTRIX, the patient experienced injection site swelling. On an unknown date, the outcome of the injection site swelling was recovering/resolving. It was unknown if the reporter considered the injection site swelling to be related to BOOSTRIX. Additional details provided were as follows: The healthcare professional reported that, the patient has received a dose of BOOSTRIX and experienced an injection site reaction. The healthcare professional reported that, this occurred right away after vaccination. According to the reporter the vaccine was given in the left deltoid and the site swelled and appeared to have a large bubble or a non-fluid filled nodule. At the time of reporting, the event appeared to be improving."
"Soreness, couldn't lift arm above shoulder for about 3 days. Bruising started on 3rd of 4th day. No treatment needed."
"Patient reports itching, warmth and redness for a few hours after vaccine administration and next day.  Also, next day reports of extreme body aches all over. High dose was given - Sanofi consulted for recommendations with none provided."
Patient noticed that she had a rash when she got out of the shower this morning. Rash is only on the top part of the chest/bottom of neck.  She is taking Benadryl to decrease itching.  Rash has not spread or caused any trouble breathing.
"Patient received Prevnar and FLuzone HD vaccination on 10-20, patient reports that redness began on day of vaccine but continued to spread over the next few days until arm was bright red from shoulder to elbow."
"Hives and slight rash on left side of neck and chest, itchy and red.  Did take Benadryl that did help.  Had a little rash area on chest next morning 10/27/15, took another dose of Benadryl that morning on 10/27/15."
"On 10/25, pt reported redness, low grade fever (99.8 bl ~ 97.0) and tenderness.  On 10/26, area of redness was larger.  At time of IMZ, pt said she had pain but after observation, she said she was fine."
Swelling and itching started 2 days after vaccine administration. Patient self-treated by applying topical hydrocortisone and ice. Symptoms resolved after 1 week.
Rash to both arms.
"Nauseous, shaking, numbness in both arms."
Patient said she had developed a rash with grape-like clusters and redness near injection site.
"First very high blood pressure a few days later, chest pains aching of all bones, headache, fever, chills, nausea."
"On morning of 10/14/15 began having episodes of eye deviation (up and to left) lasting ~ 2 seconds, occurred twice on 10/14/15, then several times per day (4-25) every day since. (mom provided video recording of the episodes of eye deviation at visit on 10/20/15). On 10/21/15 had fever 101 and 3-4 episodes of staring, lasting 5-10 secsonds each (and seemed """"out of it"""" during the staring episodes). Seen 10/22/15 for fever and treated with amoxicillin for left acute otitis media.  MRI and EEG negative."""""
Dizziness.
"Within 2 hours of receiving the vaccine, the patient reported that he became very dizzy and began vomiting, which he assumed was due to the overwhelming dizziness.  He had trouble staying upright and could not walk in a straight line and had a stumbling gait due to the dizziness.  The patient was luckily on his way home and went to bed as soon as he reached his home.  He slept the rest of the day and reported feeling normal once he woke up the next morning."
"INJECTION SITE REACTION, BODY ACHE, FLU LIKE SYMPTOMS, SICK TO STOMACH."
"RIGHT ARM RED FROM DELTOID TO ELBOW, SLIGHT SWELLING WITH SORENESS, NECK PAIN AND HEADACHE."
"Tried to exercise as usual by running a four mile distance, but almost immediately discovered that my lungs were unable to process oxygen deeply.  Feeling was similar to extreme altitude sickness, and while I usually can run four miles at a moderate pace without stopping at all, I found that I had to stop every few hundred yards and gasp for breath.  Even going up stairs caused me to be short of breath.  These symptoms worsened until about 09/20/2015, and have very gradually improved since.  However, as of today (six weeks after injection) lung capacity under physical stress/moderate exercise is still no greater than about 90% by approximate feeling of patient, and for now seems to have leveled without recent further improvement.  It is still impossible for me to exercise as I did pre-Prevnar 13 injection without stopping at least four or five times during a four mile run to walk and catch my breath, and even while running there is a constant feeling as though my lungs are not very deeply utilizing oxygen as they should be. It's noted that the Prevnar 13 injection was given at the Pharmacy, about a half hour after receiving a seasonal flu shot, and after discussion between the employee providing the injection and the head pharmacist.  After experiencing symptoms I've read the cautions by the Prevnar 13 manufacturer which appears to warn against doing these at the same time.  Although the Prevnar 13 was suggested by Dr at the same Clinic during an annual physical earlier that day, neither he nor his immediate staff were responsible for actually performing the injections, nor were they in the decision-making process of the advisability to give both the Prevnar 13 and seasonal flu serums at the same time.  Unknown now whether full lung capacity will return."
Patient said he developed sores and redness inside of mouth and on lips and around lips. He said it was tender to the touch.
"Nausea, aches and fever started around 6:30pm and lasted throughout the night.  Symptoms continued with temperature around 100 through the following day until 5:30pm.  Tylenol taken 10/21 around 5pm (dose unknown)."
"Headache, joints achy, tired, arm very sore, flu like symptoms. Took an anti histamine and an aspirin and went to bed. Very tired. Arm swollen and red, still is very sore 6"""" below injection site."""""
"Painful Rash in a pattern, seen by MD said it is Shingles."
Subconjunctival hemorrhage in right eye.
"Pain and redness associated with swelling and area warm to touch. Patient had headache, fever, chills, nausea, and lightness."
"Area around injection site became red, warm, and slightly inflamed."
"30 minutes after vaccine administered patient's supervisor called and spoke w/RN and said patient was diaphoretic, nauseous and vomiting. RN advised patient be taken to the Emergency Dept."
"Client reported within 1-2 hours - swelling at site - progressed to size of palm of her hd. with bluish discoloration, hot to touch and itching - no SOB - saw MD 10/23/15. No treatment other than BENADRYL PRN."
Felt head was about to explode. Settled in chest. Muscle aches. Worst flu ever.
"All the fingers felt numb at the left hand the first day. Three fingers still felt numb after 2 days. Right now, still two fingers fell numb. Event can't sleep."
"Patient got FLUZONE HD shot on Oct. 22, 2015 and complained on Oct. 23, 2015 of inflamed arm and at site on injection."
"Patient last got the FLUZONE HD shot on Oct. 20, 2015. Today patient still complained of an inflamed arm at site of injection and itchiness."
"Pt states when changing shirt that she notice red, warm to touch, rash from upper arm to elbow (approx 15 cm). Painful to touch and difficulty raising arm. MD notified and prescribed pt. steroids."
"Lump (L) arm injection site red, hot, lump. Redness for a couple days."
Awakened with an unusual type of headache. Different from usual headaches. Felt better later.
"Abdominal discomfort, nausea, sick feeling after vaccination. Went home slept for 6 hours and felt better."
"Burning, tingling sensation on injection site (left deltoid) went to neck back, arms and fingers. Nausea, took TYLENOL and felt better."
"Injection site red, warm with induration."
"Redness, warmth and induration (approx 3x3 inch) at injection site."
Bruising deltoid at injection site and upper arm and on outer forearm. Hard area around injection site.
Patient developed fever and shakes within 9 hours of receiving vaccine.
"Weakness, Muscle aches all over, vomiting, headache and weakness all lasting 2.5 days."
Flu shot injection into left upper arm felt different than previous years; felt an unusual fluid flow. The following morning I experienced the usual soreness but as the day progressed soreness became pain and I also noticed limited motion of my left arm. I increased activity to keep shoulder and arm moving. I used ice packs and a heating pad alternately as well as taking Tylenol hoping for pain relief.  Pain worsen at night and made turning over very difficult.  Hurts worse when used under pressure such as lifting or supporting weight. My left arm hurts when it lifted level to shoulders and when rotated from side to side. Arm is not the normal soreness as experienced with flu shots in the past. The pain does not seem to be going away.
"Significant swelling and pain in the area surrounding the injection, limiting ability to raise the arm, persisting for at least 6 days and continuing despite administration of Acetaminophen and application of ice to swelled area."
Pt says arm is hurting and now she is having trouble with her rotator cuff.
"C/o widespread itching, redness of face and arms, C/o HA, nausea, abdominal cramping, tingling lips sled medicated with 25 mg BENADRYL. Patient was told to go to E.R. immediately. She contacted a physician that was a friend. She took her to her home and gave her some BENADRYL and observed her overnight."
Patient was bleeding after shot was administered. As I started to clean it up she stated she felt nauseous and laid her head on her knees and fell forward. She hit her chin on the ground. I kept her talking while the tech called 911. She lost consciousness for a split second and came right back. She stated she still nauseous and was sweating.
Rec'd flu shot 10/20/15. Next day began with itching and hives. Went to ER for treatment. Had some swelling of lips. No SOB or dyspnea. No known triggers except receiving flu shot. Pt treated with hydroxyzine and MEDROL dose pack. No previous reaction to flu shots. No allergy to eggs. It was pt's first time receiving High Dose Flu shot.
"Pt. described a sharp pain upon administration of immunization, and stiffness of neck for next week. On Tues 10/20/15 pt reported feeling better and no or v. little stiffness of the neck."
Vomiting from 5:00 am to 6:00 pm. Headache. Chills.
"Soreness at injection site (Right arm) and whole body ache, soreness."
"Patient had redness at the site of injection, itchiness, and mild pain. Patient was counseled to try Benadryl for the the site reaction and acetaminophen for the pain."
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of depression in a female patient who received influenza vaccine. On 20th October 2015, the patient received influenza vaccine unspecified. On 20th October 2015, less than a day after receiving influenza vaccine unspecified, the patient experienced depression. On an unknown date, the outcome of the depression was not recovered/not resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the depression to be related to influenza vaccine unspecified. Additional details were received as follows: The patient reported that, she received flu vaccine and since then she feels depressed. The patient reported, she believes that the flu vaccine might be the reason for the depression. The reporter stated that, she will call back within the business hours."
Patient states she had a rash on both arms & sores in mouth. She has not followed up with us since.
Extremely high fever of 106.8F.
Patient had swelling and redness at site of the shot. Patient said had cramping and diarrhea around 3 hours after receiving the shot.
"Patient stated feeling a little off, redness developed on chest, and some tightness in the throat."
Pain and limited range of motion in the arm that the vaccine was administered. This reaction has continued throughout the two week period since the vaccination.
"Total body aching, hard, shaking chills, fever of 101 F, pounding headache x 14 hours.  Complete recovery to baseline by 24 hours post vaccination."
From day one pain in arm (L) and cannot bend without pain. Not red or swollen. Patient states hurt when went in. Be definitely seeking treatment.
"Rash, redness, inflammation at injection site."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 15 October 2015. This case involves an 81-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (Batch number, dose, dose in series, expiry date were not reported) via intramuscular route in left deltoid on 06 October 2015. The patient did not have any illness at the time of vaccination or any pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 06 October 2015, few seconds (immediately) following the vaccination, the patient had experienced pain in left deltoid. Three days following the vaccination, the patient had severe pain in the left arm that shot up to her neck and to the top of head. She had severe pain in her neck, difficulty swallowing, had a generalized pain and weakness throughout the body. Patient had difficulty getting in and out of bed and felt incapacitated. Laboratory data and corrective treatment were not reported. The patient had not recovered from the events. Upon medical review, the case was considered as serious due to important medical event: having difficulty getting in and out of bed/feels incapacitated. List of documents held by sender: none."
"This is a spontaneous report obtained from a contactable Health Care Professional through a Pfizer sales representative. The Health Care Professional reported for a patient on behalf of physician. A 61 year old female patient received, on 08Oct2015, intramuscular PREVNAR 13 (Lot. M03211, Expiration date: 31Mar2017, NDC number: 00005197105) 0.5 ml, single dose. The patient received concomitantly Flu vaccine on the opposite arm. Relevant medical history included hypertension. On 09Oct2015, the patient experienced cellulitis. Relevant laboratory data included blood cholesterol on 08Oct2015 (unspecified result). In response to the adverse event treatment was received (BACTRIM 800 mg, tablet). The patient did not recover from the event at time of this report. The adverse event, cellulitis, was considered related to PREVNAR 13."
"Neck and Headache. Next Day (Oct. 28): Throbbing headache, nausea, and vertigo."
"Sudden sore throat, no fever; 10/27 2 degree fever; 10/28 no fever, but sore throat continues. Tylenol, ice pack on head, liquids. See doctor 10/30, first available appointment. Missed 5 days work."
Pt had extreme pain in arm and limited mobility.
"Vaccine administered b/c 3-4pm 10/27. Pt. states she started to feel ill at 8-9 pm. With chills (couldn't get warm) nasal stuffiness, aches. """"Hard to catch """"breath"""". Did not seek medical tx."""""
Patient complained of a pain in the arm (left) used to administer vaccine which he continued to experience for > 3 weeks after administration.
Hives on both arms - 5 hr. after vaccines given.
"Since 10/19/15, pt c/o having cough, diarrhea, Lt arm pain, back pain, achy and fatigue. Pt was given DEPO-MEDROL 60mg IM, codeine-guaifenesin, albuterol inhaler at appt on 10/22/15. On 10/19/15 pt received knee injection of MARCAINE and KENALOG."
"Developed dark, tender, painful bruising around injection site."
"Approximately 7 hours after influenza vaccine, developed the following symptoms in the specified order: symptoms developed acutely within 1-1.5 hours. Whole body chills/goose bumps; whole body myalgias; severe headache; severe sleepiness. Temperature taken (after drinking hot tea and having taken a hot bath) was 101.2 degrees F, 15 minutes later, temp was 100.4 degrees F. Slept 12 hours straight, awoke - temp 96.5 degrees F; chills and myalgias gone - mild residual headache and sleepiness. All symptoms gone after 48 hours. This the 1st time ever experiencing these symptoms after a flu shot."
Severe pain in left shoulder at the site of the injection.
Vomit and diarrhea.
Pain/burning sensation; soreness/redness.
Severe Nausea vomiting chills with sudden onset lasting 5 hours and then gone.
"After flu vaccination patient states she felt dizzy, nauseous, and had an itchy throat and briefly had rapid heart beat. When assessed not obvious signs of distress. Vital signs were checked by nurse and also had an increased intake of water and food."
"Says that her eye starting itching the evening after she received her vaccine.  By the next morning, eye was swollen and arm was """"tight"""" where she had received injection.  Also says that she just felt bad the following day."""""
Seizure lasting a couple mins than my daughter was unresponsive.
"Site swelling ice was applied, lip swelling, epi was administered 0.5 ML left arm. Taken to Hospital by ambulance. Patient in good condition slight swelling lips only."
"Arm red, painful, warm to touch, swollen."
"Patient reported trouble breathing.  Epinephrine was administered and within 1 minute, patient was breathing normally.  Patient had previously received flu shot at another pharmacy without our knowledge and came in requesting flu vaccine here.  EMT was called to the scene. Patient did not want to go to the ER. Patient was seen and released on site.  Followed up with patient at home and she reported no other side effects"
"Child complained of pain about 1 hour after administration. Next morning, mother reports the child had a 3 inch radius red hive at injection site. Mother stated over the next 2 days, both arms were purple, swollen and painful."
"This spontaneous report as received from a consumer concerning a 76 year old female patient with penicillin allergy, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. On 05-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23, 0.5 ml, in her left arm. Concomitant therapies included influenza. On 05-OCT-2015, the patient reported that four hours after receiving PNEUMOVAX 23, she experienced her left arm started to swell and was very sore at the injection site. The patient also reported that the swelling and tenderness goes all the way to her left shoulder. The patient did notify the physician's office and received treatment with diphenhydramine (no further details). The patient reported this exact same adverse reactions, soreness and swelling had happened to her 40 years ago after receiving an unspecified pneumococcal vaccine. The outcome of injection site pain and peripheral swelling was reported as not recovered/not resolved. Additional information has been requested."
"To ZOSTAVAX. Large area (2 inches x 3 inches) raised, red, warm/hot and swollen where vaccine administered (48 hours later) will ice tonight and call us tomorrow."
"Pt received Flu vaccine on 10-20-15 - within 1 1/2 hrs arm pain - 7 1/2 hrs later fever, chills, nausea - fever, headache, rash next couple days temp 104.2."
"Temp > 103 degrees, vomiting; rash on face, arms and chest."
"Swollen red bump that was itchy, warm to the touch."
Development of local reaction and cellulitis sxs developed 1-2 days after injection KEFLEX 500mg T.I.D x 10 days.
"Swelling, redness measuring 2""""x3"""", hot to touch, painful to touch. Slight fever."""""
Has rash 1 month post flu shot.  Localized to silver dollar size around site of injection.
Heard a sound in ear that sounded like a central air conditioner being on. When I left the location the sound persisted. I later realized that the hearing from my right ear changed and when I listen to the phone on right ear then the sound is diminished and the sound when the phone is ringing sounds different from right to left ear.
My son was given Menactra today in error.  He had already received the vaccine on 03/27/2015.  We requested meningitis B vaccine. The office gave him Menactra. This represents an overdose of the stated dose of vaccine. Doctor office did not think it required reporting but I disagree. Overdose should be considered an adverse event.
"Notes: Pt was instructed by MA to stay sitting for 10 minutes administration of HPV vaccine. HPV and flu vaccine given, approx 1 minute after HPV vaccine, pt stated to mom she didn't feel well, was sitting and then fell back onto table and started making jerking movements, eyes rolled back- BP was 118/68, pulse ox ws 98, Pulse was 72, pt came to in approx 1 minute, aware of person place and time, stayed laying for 2 minutes then sitting for 5 minutes and returned to normal. Mother and pts younger brother in room during entire incident, MA was called in when pt fell on table, I was called in by MA and was in room until pt stablilized. I discussed in detail that pt fainting and having jerking movement is a known side effect of HPV vaccine. Pt did not have seizure activity (no hx of seizures as well). Mother to make known to other providers pts vaccine reaction this time and be cautious with subsequent flu vaccines as well (likely HPV vaccine reaction but pt did recieve Flu vaccine at same time so needs to be aware). This is pts 3rd HPV vaccine and she has completed the series- had never had reaction to HPV before. Mother reassured that this is a known HPV side effect- cdc information printed and given to her for more information. No injuries sustained during this incident."
"Light headedness, dizziness, full headedness."
"Pt lost consciousness for a few seconds, then was groggy for a few seconds, then recovered."
"Per patient himself, he describes the reactions happen about 1 to 1&1/2 hour after getting vaccinated. Rash appears on back, eyes dwell up with water & can't even open eyes, non-stop coughing & sneezing. Patient get exhausted & sleep straight for 12 hours. (no swelling of lips, tongue, or face & no difficulty breathing."
PATIENT COMPLAIN SORENESS AT THE SITE OF INJECTION RADIATING TO THE INJECTED ARM.
"Headache- moderate intensity, lasting for about 6 hrs until 11PM.  No other symptoms.  No treatment taken; spontaneously resolved without sequelae."
"Soreness from injection, but not at injection site.  Soreness radiates to upper deltoid muscle and has lasted until present date 10/28/2015."
"I was given the vaccine in my left shoulder while at work. A few hours into my shift, I noticed that my shoulder began to hurt, more then the other times I received the vaccine. Everyday after, the pain became more intense until it was unbearable. I can not move my shoulder without sharp shooting pain. I went to the Dr. at Occupational health, at my work, on Oct 21, 2015. The Dr prescribed naproxen and tramadol. I was told to return in a week. I returned on Oct 27th. I saw a different Dr this time. He ordered a shoulder Xray, which he said was negative. He said to continue taking the anti-inflammatories, showed me some exercises to do and said to return in 10 days. He also stated that if my shoulder wasn't better then, I could do physical therapy. My shoulder is still in a lot of pain. I am not able to use my arm because of the pain."
Head to Toe in severe hives & rash. His rash on the back of thighs and buttock had fever. Low grade fever of 99. His was itching all over.
"Fever, Chills, Sweats, Weakness, Muscle ache, Joint ache, loss of appetite, poor sleep, Bad headache.  This was from a Flu Vaccine."
"Patient hot PREVNAR 13 in (R) deltoid and FLUZONE HD in left deltoid on 10-19-15. On 10-25-15, she developed redness, swelling, itching and warmth in her right arm. On 10-28-15, it is less red but still itches."
Redness and swelling of mid arm.
"Onset of erythema, induration, warmth at injec site within approximately 6 hrs to 8 hrs of injection - subjective fever also noted by patient."
"Rash around arm, itching - started 10-17-15 trouble breathing. Went to urgent care on 10-20-15 given prednisone and albuterol."
Cellulitis.
"Arm/hand pain and swelling. Hand throbbing. She said she went to Dr and they gave her pain meds for the pain/throbbing. Still experiencing pain/throbbing/tingling 1 week after immunization, but swelling is gone."
Blood pooled around the injection site and traveled down his arm and up around his shoulder area. Pt was on COUMADIN and had a similar reaction when he was in a car accident.
"Left arm with large, warm, area of swelling extending from site of injection distally to a few centimeters below elbow. Edges serpentigious minimally tender, no other rashes."
Pain in (R) shoulder that started after getting flu shot. Initially felt this was usual soreness but now unable to lift (R) arm above shoulder height or across upper body without experiencing increased pain. No obvious redness or swelling noted and arm cool to touch.
"2 hours after receiving vaccine, muscle aches, headache, swelling at shot site, next day, arm swollen to armpit area and chest."
"Became flushed 10 min after receiving vaccine. Felt like hair standing on arms. Dizzy, chest pressure - 1 hour post vaccination - itching from nipple line up - no hives or rash - injection site fine - took CLARITIN - itching resolved. Legs fatigued after working shift and very fatigued this AM. Elbows itching this AM."
"Face became hot and red, erythema and heat right cheek, nose and left cheek."
"Numbness in thighs, then spread to entire legs and feet and up to waist by that night."
"Injection site swollen, warm to touch 3 X 3 Painful."
"Congestion, diaphoresis, flushing, tongue tingling, joint discomfort, dyspnea."
"Pain on injection and persistent pain since injection, soreness at injection site."
"Itching, followed by Rash."
"Itching Follow weals and redness, Took Zyrtec, Hydrocortisone Cream, prednisone."
"Around 3 hours after the shot I started shaking all over. Got light headed, weak and woozy. Started going in and out of consciousness. Had to call my husband to help me get to a chair. Then he helped me get to bed so I could lay down all the while passing out. Once got laying down, things eased up unless I tried to get up again. The next day my head felt very out of it and my eyes would get blacked out for just seconds. On the second day after shot, I started feeling back to myself."
Bleeding at injection sight.  Pain began the next day and increased with each subsequent day.  Pain makes arm hard to raise and move especially at work and during getting dressed and undressed.  Also having muscle twitching in legs.  Pain and coldness in arm caused me to seek medical advise from my physician on 10/28.   His diagnosis was Hematoma.  If pain does not abate will seek second opinion.
"Vertigo, vomiting, headache, neck/shoulder pain."
"Patient reported to my immunizations department at Clinic and stated that she had a reaction to a vaccine that she received two days ago.  Pt stated that she had received two immunizations on 27 Oct 2015, one immunization in each arm, and states that she believes it was the TDAP vaccine which is causing the reaction. Pt states that she felt febrile last night has Urticaria swelling and erythema at the site of the injection. Pt denies any other symptoms.  I reported the patients symptoms to the medical department at our clinic where she is being seen by a provider."
"Few minutes after receiving the shot, stood up to leave and then fell, hit head, and had a seizure. No one knows if the seizure was first or as a result of hitting her head."
Directly after injection of Typhoid Vi and Twinrix in L Deltoid client stated he had arm pain. Pain continued for 7 days post injection. Each day pain diminished slightly. First 4 days client had difficulty lifting arm. Client did not take any OTC or Rx pain medication for pain. Denies swelling/rash/itching. Client stated the site of pain is 1 to 2 inches below the acromion process.
PATIENT COMPLAINS OF HER ARM BEING SORE.
Patient reported to pharmacy on 10/29 complaining of reaction to immunizations given on 10/27.  Patient received Prevnar and Fluzone HD in the left arm.  Patient has a 6 inch rash like area about 6 inches from where the immunizations were given. Not sure if the rash is due to the immunizations or not.  My assumption is yes since it is so close in proximity.
Injection site started to swell and become hard and red and hurt. Injection site was the right arm where she had the Prevnar injection.
"Case number PHEH2015US021118, is an initial spontaneous report received from a Healthcare Professional on 14 Oct 2015. This report refers to a male patient of unknown age. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 158425) intramuscularly on 13 Oct 2015. On the same day after vaccination, the patient experienced a reaction described as problems with fine motor skills in the arm where vaccine was administered and it appeared to be a neurological issue. There were also intermittent arm convulsions. Events stop date was mentioned as the same date of onset (13 Oct 2015). Final outcome of the events was not reported. Seriousness and causality of the events were not reported. Seriousness assessment of the events was upgraded (medically significant) based on the information available in the source document."
"Trouble breathing, runny nose, headache."
"Patient awoke to a sore arm, severe rigors, chills (temp of 92.6 degrees F reported by wife), back ache, body aches, and nausea."
"Throat swelling, very painful to swallow, fever, chills, headache."
"Chills, fever (101+F), body aches started at around 7:30 PM. Sore/aching arm started around 1 PM."
"Grand Mal seizure while still in the store where the pharmacy is located she became unconscious, fell to floor and had a grand mal seizure which last a little less than a minute."
"Felt immediate severe pain upon needle insertion and injection of vaccine. Noticed injection was given high on shoulder, actually in shoulder joint. Immediate ache in shoulder, scapula area and down upper arm. Next day worsening symptoms. 2 days after injection went to hospital wellness center for evaluation and was sent to hospital clinic for employees. Injection site noted by APN and noted to be in shoulder joint. Was given prescription for Medrol dose pack. Symptoms much improved over next 7 days on Medrol dose pack. Then symptoms returned just as painful. Unable to turn steering wheel. Unable take clothes off over my head. Unable to reach across body. Saw family physician on Oct 22 and assessed. He agreed injury due to flu shot given in shoulder and recommended filing workman's comp since flu vaccine is mandatory, was given during work hours on job site and caused an injury. Filed workman's comp 10/22. Hospital generalist made me an appt to see Dr. that afternoon. Was evaluated by Dr. and an MRI of shoulder scheduled for 10/27/15. Received MRI report from Dr. on 10/29/15 And was told I would be referred to orthopedic surgeon. I have tendonopathy of supraspinatous tendon, fluid surrounding the supraspinatous tendon, edema into the muscle and infraspinatous tendon tear. With no prior problems in my left shoulder, I am positive this occurred from the injection, but Dr. is not. I may need help getting workman's comp to cover this injury. I know there have been others."
The vaccine administrator was very rough and gave me a huge bruise at the injection site. I also bled quite a bit. I have never had a bruise in 10 years of getting the flu shot.
"Pain at the injection site, down arm, extreme pain in the shoulder joint, unable to lift arm or use it.  Continued pain in the arm and shoulder.  Not getting any better so far."
Upper arm swelled and red and painful.
"Started with L hip joint pain, moved down to leg muscle pain in both legs, took Aleve and then 1130pm started chilling and rigoring, this continued for approx. 4 hours of severe rigors. Temp reached 102.6, muscle and joint pain became more severe and was awake for most of the night, with the rigors and fever increasing noted that pulse and Resp rate were increased during this time."
Rash on arms and legs; patient was prescribed 5 day course of Prednisone by Dr.
"Patient developed rash around site of injection. No pain reported, only itchiness. As of 10/29/2015 1 pm, still has rash near site of injection."
Red raised knot in arm for a week.
"I got the shot in my left arm, noticed my tongue was starting to go numb on the left side almost immediately. Is still numb now, 2.5 hours later."
"Influenza vaccination given on 10/27/15. On 10/29/15 the pt. presents with tenderness, redness, and swelling at vaccination site, well demarcated, 35 x 60 mm."
Yellow patch on upper arm and hard lumps under arm x 2 days. Lumps have subsided.
"Patient called out son's name, stuck both arms out straight, began to shake as though having a seizure then went limp with labored breathing. Breathing stop no pulse detected admin of EPIPEN 0.3mg left thigh NTG 0.4mg SL due to chest pain when patient recovered. 911 activated - patient transported."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 19-Oct-2015. This case involves a 66 years old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD via intramuscular route (manufacturer: Sanofi Pasteur, batch number: UI456AA, expiry date: 26-Apr-2016, dose details and site of administration was not reported) on 08-Oct-2015. The patient had no illness at time of vaccination. She had a history of Follicular lymphoma and kidney damage due to chemotherapy. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 09-Oct-2015, one day post vaccination, the patient had a kidney stone. On 15-Oct-2015, about 7 days after vaccination, she experienced body aches, fever as high as 102.8 degree F, poor appetite, her mouth was dry; her body was shaking when she had fever and when she did not. She was shaking so much that she could not hold her pills in her hands. There was no laboratory investigations done and corrective treatment was not reported. The kidney stone passed in a day or two while other events had not yet recovered. Upon internal review this case was considered serious due to important medical events: had a kidney stone. List of documents held by sender: none."
"Vomiting, diarrhea, fever (100), chills. Symptoms developed 4 hours after injection per patient report."
"Employee receives annual flu vaccine and has a mild reaction - this was she had more intense symptoms that lasted longer and received BENADRYL. Symptoms included nasal congestion, sore tongue, thick tongue, tightness in chest and airway. Hives and pruritus within 30 min."
"Pt called 10/28/15 complaining of severe arm and neck pain after vaccine administration on 10/21/15. Started as tingling in legs, then moved to arms/neck, both sides. Denies injection site irritation, or BP issues."
"About 24 hours post vaccination, pt noticed a swelling at injection site approximately 4-5"""" diameter. It was hot, red, itchy. Swelling resolved approximately 1 1/2 wks later. As of 10/29/15, it still itches but is not hot. Treating itchiness with hydrocortisone cr. Pt states it looks like a scar,"""""
Temp of 101.8 after imms decreased to 100.4 with APAP. Fussy.
"Chills, fever, red eyes, cough, headache, stomach distress."
LEFT ARM IS RED AND SWOLLEN AROUND INJECTION SITE.
"Large area of redness around injection site. Area is warm to touch, non tender."
9-23-15 First day headache. 9-24-15 Second day heavy weight on chest. 9-28-15 Sixth day passed out. 19-4-15 Twelfth day pounding heart beat.
"Later in evening after shot, patient started having arm soreness over entire length of arm that lasted about 24 hours. Next morning patient had swelling, redness, and heat entire length of arm. Also experienced headache, neck pain, and felt """"funny"""". Swelling is reduced and patient managing pain with acetaminophen."""""
"Rash on body excluding head, face and bottom of feet - started 7 days after flu and shingles shot on September 21st, 2015. Rapidly increased in severity - visited dermatologist on Oct 1st 2015. Prescribed steroid cream for itching."
"Patient has shortness of breath the evening after receiving FLUZONE HD. She considered ER visit, but s/s subsided < 24 hrs."
"Fever started 10/16/15, arm (L) began to swell evening of 10/16/15, 10/17/15 (L) arm red, warm to touch, area is swollen but no lump, area not uncomfortable to child and is not bothering her. No streaking."
"Res. rec'd HIGH DOSE flu vaccine on 10/11/15 (L) deltoid. 10/15 (L) arm red, warm, pain, itchy. Moist heat pad after ice for 20 min. DURICEF 500 mg q 12 hr x 7 days."
"Resident given High Dose Flu vaccine on 10-11-15 (L) deltoid. 10-12-15 Temp 99.3. Upper (L) arm site redden, warm to touch and tender.  Denies trauma. Warm compresses tid ordered, TYLENOL prn pain. Venous Doppler (-) neg, DURICEF 500 mg Bid x 7 days."
"Skin red rashes with itching on face, back, neck and upper chest."
Pt complained of a large hematoma that formed the day following vaccination (10/19/15). They stated it was painful and very warm to the touch. They showed me Friday 10/23/15 and there was a 4 inch bruise present.
"Developed hives over entire body including palms approximately 24 hrs after flu shot. On no meds. No new foods, soaps, etc. No trouble breathing or swallowing."
"Red patch in area of injection, worsened, mild tenderness, local inflammatory reaction HCT cream - CLARITIN 10mg."
"Injection site on left upper leg, red, warm to touch, hard to touch and painful."
"A day after vaccine started to have fever, sore throat, cough, body fatigue."
Flu-like symptoms and generalized achiness began on 10/28/15. Noticed area of erythema around injection site this AM. No fever/hives/SOB/wheezing. Dx: cellulitis KEFLEX 500 mg prescribed TID x 7 days.
Patient stated that their arm swelled up with red marks at the sites of injection. They also experienced some discomfort.
Patient stated that they had about 4.5 inches of swelling and they experienced discomfort while sleeping. The swelling has started to go down on 10/28/15. They have not taken anything for the swelling.
Redness/ swollen area/knot in arm at injection site.
"Patient described having headache, numbness on forehead and burning on back of her neck stretching down left trap muscle. Sensation and numbness have diminished gradually but she says it is still present as of a week."
"Patient has had pain in her shoulder area since the injection that has not gone away.  She has limited range of motion in her arm, as she cannot move it across her body hardly at all.  She has had difficulty sleeping, and has been sleeping in a chair.  On 10/26/15, she had seen her primary care doctor about it.  Patient was prescribed a Medrol Dosepak and 60 tabs of tramadol 50mg q8h prn pain.  That was the last contact we made with the patient."
Pt called 10/27/15 and complained of severe muscle pain. His arm could not lift. Severe GI s/e. Pain level very high.
"""Received shot around 4 pm. Between 6-630 pm, my throat was closing up, I had chills, nausea, my heart was racing and I was light-headed. I took BENADRYL and a half-hour later, I felt better."""""""""
Upper lip rash/anterior neck rash. Treat with oral antihistamine.
"Pt was given FLUZONE TIV on 10-14-15, developed fever to 103 for 1.5 days with somnolence. Excessive sleepiness has persisted x 2+ weeks now. Labs and imaging unremarkable. Continues to sleep 14-16 hours per day."
"3:41 PM: Client reported dizziness and vomited. 3:42 PM: With assistance from client's father, client lowered to floor, feet raised, cold compress given. 3:52 PM Client had juice and reported feeling """"better"""", client assisted to seated position in chair. 3:54 PM Client vomited again and asked to return to lying position on floor. Client reported feeling dizzy. 3:56 PM EMS called. 4:04 PM EMS arrived and assessed client. 4:13 PM EMS transported client to hospital for assessment."""""
Rash developed behind patient's neck within 24 hours of vaccination. It's possible that something else caused the reaction. Rash was red and bumpy and covered an area approximately 1 inch by 1 inch.
Constant pain in the right arm only relieved when arm is in movement.
"At this time (20:45), only has upper lip swelling. I'm treating with steroids and Benadryl."
"Commenced with a metallic taste in mouth, congestion in the back of the throat and tingling around lips/mouth. 25mg Benadryl followed by 25mg within 30 minutes to control allergic symptoms. Onset of severe chills followed almost immediately, lasting about 45 minutes. Fever of 101.  Naproxen given. Fever reduced.  Body aches, lost of appetite, headache and fatigue."
"Raised, itchy, red area at site of injection."
Patient has a rash on upper arm right above the elbow (cellulitis per MD) patient was put on an antibiotic to treat.
"Onset of severe headache followed by 1 episode of vomiting. Treated with PO fluids, Ibuprofen and rest."
"Tender area, Round & swollen around injection site. Clothing bothered it and it begun to itch lasted for 3-4 days. I went back to pharmacy and RPh stated it was normal."
"Giant hives on legs, left arm, and neck. Benadryl was given along with calamine lotion topically."
"At first I became increasingly lethargic then started having bad back pain. The pain became increasingly worse which was in my whole spine. This pain was like nothing I had ever experienced before. It was not relieved by pain meds, stretching or sleep. The excruciating pain did not allow me to sleep. This pain lasted for 5 days and has just barely started to subside. I feel like my back is bruised like I had been in a car accident."
Patient developed a large bruised area at the site where his Fluzone HD vaccination was given.  Patient received both Prevnar13 (high on left arm) and Fluzone HD (lower on left arm).
"Left arm red, warm, and mildly tender. Redness extends from top shoulder to below elbow. Swelling noted as well."
"Patient received FLUVIRIN MDV on 10/21/15. She called on 10/28/15 reporting hives, redness, and warmth in left arm on the day of immunization. Those symptoms subsided, then on 10/27/15 redness and rash on right hand appeared. That also subsided."
Arm slightly red. About 2-3 inches wide and about 7 inches long: warm to touch. Slight bump where injection occurred. Does not hurt.
"Pt. got her flu injectable vaccine in RUE on 10/27/15 and presented back to clinic with a 3 3/4 inch diameter sore of erythema, swelling. TDP = heat to RUE. Rx BENADRY and cool compress."
Develop localized erythema on day of vaccination. Increased size and was taken to the ED on the following day. Given KEFLEX without response. Switched to clindamycin in 24 hours later with improvement in redness of the cellulitis.
"Patient stated that when she received her vaccine she experienced pain in her arm and was still experiencing this pain days later. She went to ER and doctor told her the vaccine """"infected her nerve."""""""""
"Pr had a generalized rash over the trunk of the body, pink, pinpoint macules with no crusting or drainage. Afebrile. Resolved <4 days."
Patient complained of severe redness and swelling and itching at the injection area for over 10 days.
S/P flu shot on 10/27 site Lt arm warm red.
"He received flu shot around 4:30 pm and felt fine. Around 11:30 pm that night he came down with chills and the shakes. He said he was """"freezing"""" and wound up throwing up. The next day he gradually felt better."""""
"He received an Afluria vaccination in the right deltoid during the AD Flu-fair, and reports that as soon as he left the building he began to have a dry cough, and by the time he arrived back to his duty area, about 1 mile away, had fullness of the right side of his nose and reports that he was not able to breathe through the right nostril, but the cough had resolved.  Additionally, he began to notice some change in sensation in the right side of his jaw which progressed to include the right side of the face up to the line b/w his ear and eye, and included area around the right ear, and right side of his tongue.  This sensation was fully developed at 2 hours post vaccination and lasted until he went to bed around midnight, but was gone when he awoke around 0530.  He did have a slight headache when he awoke the next morning, but denies any further sensory changes.  The HA dissipated toward the end of the day.  The congestion in his right nostril followed the same time course as the numbness."
Rash: 1-3 mm red maculopapular rash on trunk and exptremities that spread to the face and hand and feet.
Extreme soreness in the upper arm that didn't go away after the first few days after the vaccine.  Pain has continued in the upper arm and there has been a loss of motion in the shoulder.  Will also be following up with my Dr. to ensure this isn't a side effect or issue in how the vaccine was administered.
"Right upper area became swollen and red at injection site. Rash developed on right arm, chest, left ram, torso, and private areas on 10-22-15."
Dizziness and nausea.
"Mom called: Reported that child started with onset of temp of 104, increase heart rate and limited use of legs. Recommended that Pt go to ED for evaluation."
Mild rash with signs of airway compromise. Went to ER prescribe inhaler and prednisone.
"Severe arm, neck, and shoulder pain reported as 12 in a scale of 1-10. First year for HD, bad enough she will refuse in the future. Slight tongue swelling."
Tremor/shakiness- strong tremor
pt complained of bruising and site of injection and pain going down arm. Also had body aches and runny nose for 1 week. pt instructed to ask doctor and apply ice for bruising
"Arm was sore immediately following shot.  In the evening on 10-28, upper arm became red, hot, inflamed, swollen, itchy, and painful from shoulder to elbow.  Treated with recommended Benadryl and Motrin every 6 hours and iced frequently.  Morning of 10-29 swelling and redness had decreased.  By the evening of 10-29 swelling, redness, hotness, and itch came back worse than the morning.  Went to Urgent care and was prescribed steroids and antibiotic for allergic reaction and possible infection."
Pt. received PNEUMOVAX 23 and AFLURIA vaccine in the same arm (1 inch apart) the morning at 8:30 at (pt work location) as part of a flu clinic -> came in at 3:15 with severe sore and swollen arm. Arm warm to touch and stiff and sore arm with limited ability of movement. Pt also says she has a mucus sensation in her chest. Advised her that I will inform her Dr. and for her to take ibuprofen for the inflammation and pain.
"Fevers began night of vaccines to 101.5F continued for at least 3 days when seen by this MD. Taking TYLENOL, MOTRIN with some improvement. Poor oral intake. No vomiting, diarrhea, rash."
"Approximately 24 hours after receiving hi dose flu shot, patient suffered for about 5 hours. She had a seizure and mostly aphasia. She felt like she was dying. She did not want to go to the hospital."
"Reaction occurred on upper arm on bicep, not at injection site. Redness, hard to the touch, warm to the touch, approx. 1 or 1 1/2 inch diameter."
"Reaction occurred on upper arm on bicep, not at injection site. Redness, hard to the touch, warm to the touch, approx. 2 inch diameter."
Onset 1 hr. post injection - facial itching - PO BENADRYL 25mg 2 hrs. after injection - left sided facial swelling - no airway obstruction - BENADRYL 50 mg IM with no relief. Taken to ER via ambulance discharged same day.
Muscle aches and pain and weakness. Pt rested to recover. Took TYLENOL 500 mg 1 dose only. Per pt did strenuous long walk for 2 miles then got sick.
A rash developed at the injection site on the lateral side of the left arm approximately 4-5 inches in diameter. The rash improved with no treatment.
"Pt received flu shot on 10/22/15 and then called pharmacy 10/23/15 approx. 12 PM and stated that he was achy, short of breath and fever. Recommended TYLENOL for fever and follow up w/ MD regarding breathing."
"Patient has no hx of flu shot reactions. Received flu shot in AM. By the afternoon, he developed """"itching and diarrhea"""". The following afternoon he went to ED for PO prednisone."""""
"Fever, chills, achy, flu symptoms - headache - lasted approximately 24 hours and soreness at injection site on right arm (PREVNAR) only for about 4 days."
"Received Tdap (R) deltoid, IIV-3 Flu shot in (L) deltoid 10/16/15. Called provider on 10/19 to report reactions 2 days after shot, had redness and swelling, itching, and tenderness in upper (R) arm. Swelling was as large as a jumbo egg, painful to touch."
"(L) arm red, swollen, warm to touch, hard."
"Quarter size swelling at site with pain, redness and itching which increased slightly over the course of a few hours and gradually receded. No medical treatment sought."
Pt given flu vaccine left deltoid. 48 hours later pt has quarter size ecchymotic area and large area of redness and sl. swelling.
I woke in pain in my shoulder. The pain was similiar to the day of/after I received the shot.  It hasn't gone away since.
My middle finger of the arm that was vaccinated began to hurt and stiffen up. I was unable to bend my finger at the top knuckle without pain. This lasted for 2 days.
"Diarrhea, vomiting, pain in all joints, extreme headache, dizzy, weak, had to be helped to bathroom. Numbness in right side of right thigh, confusion, asthma became severe enough to use a neblulizer, cannot swallow without sitting straight up, hoarseness earaches."
"Pt complaining left upper arm painful around injection site no redness, swelling or fever noted. Take OTC TYLENOL. Apply ice or heat."
Red swollen arm - started swelling at 9 PM 10/29. By AM 10/30 was red as well - patient is taking acetaminophen. Pain/inflammation is about same as of 10/30/15 at 1:07 PM.
"Patient received PREVNAR 13 10/27/15. On 10/29/15 patient returned to clinic. Pt developed a localized welt (4cm x 5cm) raised, warm, and painful to touch. This appeared 2 days after administration."
Right arm soreness. Had to see MD and was given Ibuprofen and cyclobenzaprine on 10/16/15 by dr.
Severe HA; vomiting; abdominal pain; diaphoretic.
"PATIENT REPORTED MUSCLE PAIN EXTENDING PAST ELBOW, SWELLING OF LEFT ARM AND SAID HER LEFT SIDE (IMMUNIZATION SIDE) ALSO HURT.  NURSE AT DR WAS CALLED AND TOLD PATIENT TO TAKE TYLENOL AND IBUPROFEN FOR SORENESS/PAIN AND TO CALL IF PAIN WORSENED DURING THE DAY."
Shoulder stiffness for last five weeks. Pain in shoulder. Not able to lift shoulder. Unable to sleep at night due to pain.
"Pt calling stating that she is having bad pain in left arm. Pt states that site of injection is warm, hard swollen and painful. Pt states that it was itchy all night. Pt denies SOB, fever. She then went to see Primary Care Doctor 10/30/15 at 10am. Patient reporting severe left arm pain, swelling and itchiness. Started last night. Reports was in GI clinic yesterday and received flu and Pneumovax. One in each arm. Afterwards started noticing swelling and pain in left arm. Became very severe and almost went to ER but could no leave her child at home. Associated with subjective fevers. Review of records received pneumovax on left deltoid. Denies previous reactions to flu shot. First time having the Pneumovax. Denies airway symptoms stridor, or SOB. Very concerned about her symptoms. BP 113/75 mmHg | Pulse 95 | Temp(Src) 98.2 ¦F (36.8 ¦C) | Wt 69.9 kg | SpO2 100% Physical Exam  Constitutional: Uncomfortable appearing. Pulmonary/Chest: No respiratory distress. No wheezes or rhonchi. Musculoskeletal: Left upper arm significant swelling and erythema, appears to be one large hive, excoriations noted, warm to touch, tender to touch, radial pulses palpable, full ROM. Assessment and Plan: Patient with significant left arm swelling, erythema and itchiness. Appears to be reaction to pneumovax. No airway involvement. Urticaria adverse reaction to pneumovax. Given subjective fevers and warmth will empirically treat for cellulitis. Benadryl (25mg, 2 capsules every 6 hours as neded for itching), Famotidine 20mg (1 tablet BID) cold packs (PRN) Keflex (250mg, 2 capsules BID x 5 days). Return to clinic in 1 week."
Pt said she experienced shortness of breath and took a Benadryl tablet.
"Swelling, pain and difficulty moving arm."
"Starting coughing feeling like throat was closing up, thought I was having an asthma attack, took 2 puffs of inhaler went to bed, at 1:25am starting feeling freezing cold, achy all over took temperature it was 100.9 noticed face was swelling and eyes had turned red. My lips were swelling as well as extremities. Headache as well as body aches and itchy feeling all over."
"Injection site reaction, swelling, erythema, myalgia, fever/chills."
"Left shoulder arthralgia. States """"Feels like rotator cuff injury."""" Stated cannot raise arm above shoulder and cannot reach and grab items has to use other arm."""""
INCREASED BLOOD GLUCOSE.  NORMALLY RUNS AROUND 95.  READINGS DAY AFTER VACCINE WERE 172 AND 184.
Bruising on site of administration.
Patient reported bruising on site of admistration.
"Pt became lethargic, vomited appeared vasovagal response to flu shot administration."
Itching all over. Throat itching. Symptoms getting worse over the next 5-10 minutes. Patient had a seizure about 20 minutes after vaccination administration.
"On the night of receiving the vaccine, patient experienced tightness in her chest which was relieved after taking a couple of puffs of ventolin inhaler. During the course of the night symptoms included freesing, shaking, painful eye sockets, headache, major sweat and painful skin all over. She felt better by noon of next day."
The patient complained of limited ROM and soreness at the site of injection. Treatment consisted of a Medrol steroid pack and cyclobenzaprine. Physician outlook was for the soreness to dissipate within the next 4-6 weeks.
"Arm became very sore, unable to lift or straighten arm. Has remained sore for over a month.  Able to stretch out as of a couple days ago, but it is still very painful (5/10 when trying to lift arm). Some numbness in the middle of the night."
"Patient experienced allergic reaction (rash at and around injection site, extending down arm almost to elbow) on right arm, fever, chills, and dizziness. Patient took acetaminophen to control fever and chills. Symptoms resolved on 10/30/15."
Site red and swelling.
"Fever, chills, swollen throat and arm at immunization site."
"Fever 101 degrees F, chills, myalgia."
Patient reported cellulitis after co-administration of Pneumovax-23 and Fluvirin '15-'16.  She had to go to urgent care to obtain antibiotics and is fine now.
Chills-hard coughing-loud wheezing-throat tight-short of breath-very difficult breathing-skin red lumpy and very itchy at shot sight for 3 weeks- still itchy for another week-sleeping sitting up.
Seizure.
Fever of unknown etiology (recorded 101.5 at home).
"PT WAS ADMINISTER A SECOND FLU VACCINE IN THE SAME 24 HOURS PERIOD AT A DIFFERENT LOCATION. PT PRESENTED TO PHARMACY AFTER BEING SEEN AT THEIR DOCTOR'S OFFICE FOR LAB WORK AND AN IMMUNIZATION. PT INQUIRED ABOUT THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF FLU VACCINES AND PNEUMOCOCCAL VACCINES. PT REQUESTED A TIV FLU VACCINE. AFTER ADMINISTRATION, IT WAS LATER DISCOVERED THE PATIENT HAS ALZHEIMER'S/DEMENTIA PER THE PTS SPOUSE AND MISTAKENLY REQUESTED A FLU VACCINE. THE DOCTORS OFFICE WAS INFORMED AND PT WAS COUNSELED TO REPORT ANY ADVERSE EFFECTS TO THE DOCTOR."
Bells Palsy.
Arm redness became hot and extremely swollen. By midnight my muscles were cramping and my joints hurt to move for the next three days. I had a severe headache for three days. My arm is still red and swollen this morning.
"Rash started and is covering my body, welts with itching and burning appears to be hives."
"Raised pink swelling with hard """"knot"""" underneath 1/2 inch away from injection site with some discomfort reported. Painful at 6:30AM 10/29/15 upon awakening.  Administered ibuprofen chewable 200mg along with food at 6:45AM. Local pain, swelling and hard area under swelling continued and lymph nodes in groin were swollen and hard at 3:00PM. Administered 200mg ibuprofen with food at 4:30PM. Situation continued at 6:30AM 10/30/15. Swollen, pink, warm area measured 2 1/2 inches across and 1 1/2 inches down at 6:45AM. Administered 200mg ibuprofen with food at 6:50AM. Reported reaction to Dr's office at 8:30AM and received appointment for 2:45PM. Child examined by doctor, who called it a local reaction to the vaccination. Ibuprofen 200mg administered with food for local pain at 4:30PM. Increased pain in groin lymph nodes 10/31/15 at 7:30AM. Administered 200mg ibuprofen with food at 7:45AM."""""
Shoulder pain and limited range of motion that has continued to worsen since administration of the flu shot.
"Fever of 101.6, headache, dizziness, nausea, bad body aches, fatigue, bad sweeping and redness at injection site."
RED RASH ABOUT SIZE OF SILVER DOLLAR ON LEFT DELTOID REGION WHERE VACCINE WAS GIVEN; RED AND PUFFY.
"Afternoon - Dizziness, nausea, arm soreness, treated with 1 ibuprofen; Night - arm soreness, chills, insomnia, treated with 6 layers of clothing and up heat in home to 76; Saturday morning - nausea, dizziness, arm soreness, treated with bland diet; Sat afternoon - fever 99.9, chills, treated with rest, rice, & layered clothing."
"Upon receiving the flu shot, felt soreness in left arm near where it was administered. Was told this was normal and experienced this symptom before.  However, the pains worsened throughout the day, especially around 2:30.  By 4:00 was experiencing strong stomach pains and back pains. I felt like someone took me and hit me into a metal locker over and over again.  When parents returned from a walk at approximately 6:30, I was screaming and crying in pain which is very unusual for me since I have a relatively high pain tolerance.  My mom called a nurse, and my dad took my temperature seeing that I was holding a heating pad on my stomach and complaining that I was freezing.  Upon realizing my temperature soared to a 103, I was taken to the Emergency Room where I screamed in pain for another 3 hours.  My fever had apparently gone down so I just had to wait. At around 10PM I was given morphine, Benadryl, antinausea medicine, and an IV.  After monitoring, I was realeased to go home at 1:40AM on 10/24/2015. I took Tylenol as my temperature was 100.9 degrees when I went home, and I continued taking Tylenol for the next day or so.  I proceeded to sleep and watch TV for the next 2 1/2 days since I was so tired out from everything."
Patient complained of sore arms after receiving a flu shot and pneumonia shot that disrupted his sleep. Pt found relief by using a pain reliever he had at home.
"Pt claims his left arm is hurting since he received the flu shot.  I checked the arm, it is not red or swollen.  Pt stated he did yard work after he received the shot."
"Sore Throat, running nose.  By Friday, experiencing full flu symptom with Sore Throat, coughing, sweating.  By Friday Night, conditions getting worse, start taking Tylenol. Starts body ache, feels hot and cold by Saturday morning."
"ANAPHYLACTOID RESPONSE WITH SWELLING OF EYES AND LIPS, TIGHTNESS IN CHEST. TOOK 40 MG OF PREDNISONE. FOLLOWING DAY 20 MG PREDNISONE AND RECOVERED."
"0200 - very irritable. 0700 - woke up with hives all over body.  Especially in armpits, groin, hands, knees and face. 0800- presented at pediatrician. Cleared up with two days of Zyrtec."
"Patient reported her left upper arm (arm of vaccination) is painful and hard to move 10/31/2015 and has been since vaccine administration on 10/12/2015. Nothing has helped to ease her pain including heat, ibuprofen, Tylenol, or ice.  Pain has been ongoing for 3 weeks."
"Had rash on throat, torso, hips."
Patient having pain in shoulder joint-unable to move arm backwards but can put forward and raise. He states there is a little improvement 10/31/15.
Patient reports that her left arm has been painful since receiving her annual flu shot.  Immediately after receiving the vaccination patient felt painful arm.  Patient reports aches and pains night of receiving vaccine.  She states she tried to keep her arm moving and is still sore.  Everyday activities continue to cause soreness. Patient unable to sleep well because she cannot get comfortable from the arm pain.
"Soreness, redness area BELOW injection site."
"PATIENT HAD A SORE ARM AND WAS RED AND SWOLLEN, DECIDED TO GO TO THE EMERGENCY ROOM ON SATURDAY. 2 DAYS AFTER THE INJECTION."
"Swelling of upper right arm and localized swelling on back of right arm between injection sites. Warmth, erythema in circle on back of right arm about 4 inches in diameter. Itching."
Severe heartburn followed by one event of vomiting.  Aches and feverish feeling beginning about 4 hours after vaccination and continuing through the night.  Symptoms abated by the morning but fatigued for the remainder of the day.   No previous reaction to flu vaccine although this was a larger dose as recommended by the facility at the time I received the vaccine.
"Cellulitis infection (diagnosed on 10/31 at urgent care facility) below shot area appeared a """"couple of days"""" after shots given.  Provider told patient it was due to vaccination."""""
"Patient came into the pharmacy on 10/31/2015 to pick up some other prescriptions. While here, she said she received her flu shot here, which was on 10/24/2015.  On the night of the day after she was immunized (10/25/2015), she said she developed a burning rash.  The patient said this occurred shortly after taking niacin that she ordered on the internet. She has taken niacin in the past without any problems, but this tablet was from a different manufacturer than previous tablets she used.  The rash began on her ankles and spread to her legs.  Then she said it started on her wrists/hands and spread up her arms (worst at her forearm) and around her armpits.  She said she felt severe pain, as though she had shingles.  She did not know if it was from the niacin or the flu shot."
Ran high fever for 24 hours Injection site very swollen and red all the way down arm and white swollen spot around injection point. Very dizzy and sick for 2 days.
Patient had swelling and redness at site of injection. Patient did not treat herself prior to notifying pharmacy staff on 31 Oct 2015.
Arm swelled up around injection site. Swelling has gone down some. Now it is just itchy and has bumps. Patient has applied hydrocortisone cream today to site.
Symptoms started with numb left side of tongue and progressed in to numbness and drooping of L side of face. Diagnosed with Bell's Palsy 10/30/15.
"Had flu and pneumonia vaccine at same injection. Temp 101, vomiting, red line circling halfway across upper left bicep where injection was made. Dizziness and near syncope. Nausea. Headache. Very sore left arm."
Dizziness to the point that walking is difficult. I've gotten the flu shot every year for decades and this is the first time it's happened. There has been no change in my routine otherwise.
"Pt stated that within in 30 min after the inject her arm became really sore and swollen. later that night she began to have chills and started coughing uncontrollably. The coughing brought on an asthma attack for which she used her nebulizer. In the middle of the night she became nauseated and vomited 4 times. Her temp was 101.6 but later in the morning came down to 99.4. Her arm also got better but pt reported she was not able to get out of bed until around 3:00pm when she began to feel better. She reports that although husband got same vaccine around the same time as she, he did not get sick."
"Fever, muscle pain, sweating, chills, bowel movements, vomiting, fatigue, loss of appetite."
"Dizziness, nausea (vertigo-like symptoms)."
"PATIENT CAME BACK WITH SWELLING, HEAT, AND REDNESS AROUND INJECTION SITE OF PNEUMOVAX. FLUVIRIN SITE WAS NORMAL SHE ALSO WAS COMPLAINING OF VOMITING UP PHLEGM AND TINGLING LIPS LIKE A COLD SORE COMING ON.  SHE SOUNDED VERY CONGESTED."
"When I awoke the next day after receiving the shot. I noticed a swollen,reddish upper arm which has spread some around my bicep."
"Fever, red skin waist to Ankles red capillaries under the skin. Symptoms have not changed as of todays date. Going to primary Physcian tomorrow Nov. 2, If I can get appointment. Outcome unknown."
"Red, slightly swollen, itchy area roughly 2 to 2.5 inches below the injection site. Roughly 2 inches in diameter."
"SUDDEN ONSET WATERY DIARRHEA WORSENED OVER TIME. CALLED 911 WHEN IT BECAME IMPOSSIBLE TO STAND OR WALK. HAD SHAKES, CHILLS, SEVERE SHIVERING OVER ENTIRE BODY. RECEIVED 3 IV BAGS, BLOOD DRAWN TWICE, CAT SCAN. NOTHING FOUND THAT WOULD HAVE CAUSE THIS EXCEPT WHITE BLOOD CELL COUNT INDICATING POSSIBLE VIRUS OR INFECTION. ER DOC INDICATED THAT THE FLU SHOT COULD HAVE BEEN THE CAUSE."
Itching.
Severe dizziness.
"The day after the injection I started to experience shoulder pain and muscle weakness. Thee days after the injection I had joint and muscle pain all over my body that lasted for 48 hours. The pain woke me up at night the first 3 nights. Now, 12 days later I still have arm pain and have difficulty lifting my arm, deep pain inside the arm and joint pain."
SWELLING AND REDNESS AT INJECTION SITE.
"Flu symptoms, fever, aches, sore throat, headache, developed terrible cough, malaise, and tiredness."
"Patient had red, blotchy rash that was slightly swollen and warm to the touch."
"C/O rash with pain (R) side breast area to back. Has a relative who is pregnant. No ins. No PCP - Advised to avoid pregnant person and FU ASAP. States sx started """"arounf the same time she had the flu shot and TST done."""""
"Pt complaining of pain level of 2 (1-10 pain scale) said it hurts when she sleeps on it or touch it. Pain occurs infrequently, but noticeable since administration on 10/9/15."
Patient at clinic today presenting with 7 x 10 cm asymmetrical erythematous rash on left anterior thigh. Rash appeared 1 day after receiving flu vaccine. Vaccine was given in left thigh on 10/28/2015. Patient having pain and limping when walking. Patient prescribed cephalexin 250/5 7.5 ml every 12 hours for 10 days and cold compress to affected area. ER precautions given to mom.
"Hives, itching, rash.  Met with Dermatologist, Allergist, and Primary Care Physician.  Ran allergy tests.  Nothing came back.  Going on 5 weeks now and still constant itching and rash not controlled by any anti-histamine."
"Aching muscles, low fever (99 degrees), sore and swollen throat."
"Started out with mild headache ar front of head continued to get worse and by 6:00 pm on 10/16/2015 so intense, debilitating, told by primary care doctor to go to nearest emergency room, which I did."
"Red rash from shoulder, running down to elbow of left arm."
"Redness, skin rash, swelling. BENADRYL and hydrocortisone."
"Patient called Saturday October 31, at 3:15 pm. She received the vaccine around 10:15 am on Friday October 30. 2015 and at 4pm she stated she had a seizure. She did not go to the hospital. On Saturday she said she was feeling better."
The patient stated that she had a fever with a temperature at 103 degrees F the day after getting the vaccines. The fever went away that night.
Skin rash and itching since the administration of vaccine on 10-27-2015.
Localized rash on arm below injection site; patient will take diphenhydramine and ice the affected area.
Pt experienced cellulitis the day after getting vaccinated. He was treated by the emergency department. He also had a fever.
Nausea approx. 24 hours. Swelling of upper arm with extreme pain for approx. 9 days. Extreme weakness.
"Pruritis approx. 3 hours after immunization followed by rash over trunk and then arms, legs. Tingling in hands and feet approx. 12 hr after immunization followed by vomiting."
"Swelling, redness, burning, hardness, then itching."
"Extreme pain at injection site, pain radiating down arm, around shoulder and around back also numbness in fingers on same arm."
Patient called 11-30 to report pain at time of injection and now 2 days later a red spot lower on arm that the injection site.
"Faver, cold, shivering, shaking, tired. Symptoms started 2 hours after vaccine and dissipated 36 hours later."
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 19-Oct-2015) concerns a patient (unknown demographics) who was not pregnant and required a rescue inhaler """"once in a blue moon"""". On 16-Oct-2015, the patient received Afluria (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number U55106) 0.5mL via the intramuscular route for the prevention of influenza. On 16-Oct-2015, the patient developed respiratory distress after receiving Afluria. 12 hours after receiving the vaccine, the patient had difficulty breathing and required a PRN (when required) albuterol nebulizer treatment and a rescue inhaler. This treatment helped the patient, in which the symptoms resolved in less than 24 hours. The outcome was recovered. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The reporter considered the events related to Afluria. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness: Serious. Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria PI, respiratory distress is unlisted. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is same day of vaccination. Past history of suspected asthma as patient required inhaler occasionally. Respiratory symptoms responded to and resolved with nebulised bronchodilator within 24 hours is suggestive of asthma exacerbation which is plausible following vaccination.  Influenza vaccination causally attributable due to temporal association and no other triggers specified."""""
"Pt. arm still hurts, keeps up at night and trouble with movement."
"Redness, warmth, swelling to (L) deltoid. Treatment: BENADRYL, steroids f/u if no improvement."
(L) forearm numbness continues 2 weeks after vaccine administration.
Pt felt the vaccine was given too high and she woke up around 3AM that night with intense sharp pain in her left arm that lasted throughout the day. Since then the pain has decreased but she has limited range of motion and has been taking ibuprofen to help the pain.
"Patient broke out on hives all over her body.  It was very itchy.  She calmed down after a dose of Zyrtec, but the hives come back after the meds wear off.  Patient has never had hives before."
"Local reaction.  Red, swollen, warm to touch.  Swelling from injection site to the elbow."
"Redness, swelling, warmth that has spread."
Her arm is very sore and she can't move it above her head.
"AIN - Anterior Interosseus Neuropathy - Parsonage Turner Syndrome. Tested by facility over several weeks to determine the AIN with Electrical needle measurements - painful arm, sharp back pain (like knife in shoulder) & chest, 50% loss of pinching strength between thumb and first two index fingers. Numbness in fore arm. Weakness spread at time progressed. Waking up several times a night with severe arm pain, sometime chest pain."
"Injection site red, itchy, warm to touch. Has pain in arm. Informed to take BENADRYL, TYLENOL and cortisone cream to area."
"Patient reported nausea, fever, chills and developed a red rash from shoulder to the elbow 3 days after administration (right arm)."
"10/20/15 Vaccine administered in the PM. 10/31/15: Around 8-9AM when pt woke up, she had a tender red area """"the size of a baseball"""" at the vaccinated area. 11/1/15: Redness was widened to 5""""x4""""."""""
"Pt received shot at 12 PM 10/23/15 and woke up with chills, shaking, upset stomach and more than normal bowel """"movement"""", not previously know to be adverse effects from vaccine."""""
"""Severe pain and inflammation"""" at injection site (left deltoid). Pt went to urgent care referred to orthopedics, received x-rays, states """"no range of motion."""""
Soreness in left arm in the area of flu shot. Started within 3 days of vaccination.
"Heart racing, sweating, fever lasting > 2 days."
"Received flu shot 10/30/15 at 4:30p: Between 7:30p and 9p  - c/o coughing sensation, blurred vision, bloodshot eyes and itching, nasal congestion. By morning recovered."
Patient presented to the ER having had several episodes of feeling shaky and flushed throughout the day. Spiked temp. Temp in ER 101. Empirically placed on Amoxicillin 500 mg po TID x 7 days due to myelodysplastic syndrome. Advised to avoid flu shots in the future.
Cellulitis of right arm.
"Multiple joint pain starting around 12-13 hrs following vaccine. Joint pain persists to present date. Symptoms staying the same or slightly worse. Associated joint redness and swelling. Treatment MEDROL dose pack, PERCOCET QHS PRN."
"Had redness and swelling 2.5"""" diameter at area of shot. Was itchy and painful. MOTRIN/TYLENOL."""""
Urticaria started day after vaccines.
"2 pinkish blotches around bicep/tricep area way below deltoid/area of injection.  Onset about 12 hours after injection and lasted about 2-3 days.  Blotches/rash were a little itchy, hot to touch, and about 2-3 inches in diameter.  Denied fever."
Pain in upper left arm across the shoulder that appears to become from the nerve ( neurophatic pain). Over the course of the day the pain increasingly persisted. I went to the doctor for treatment on 10/27/2015 & 10/30/2015.
"After flu shot administered to right upper arm, upper arm, neck and face on right is numb.  Still has not gone away but has subsided some.  Did not seek treatment."
"Pt received FLUVIRIN PFS vaccine, within 5 mins fainted in store. Pt reported to be dizzy and felt like throwing up and was hot, 911 was called. She was breathing fine and no symptoms of anaphylaxis when paramedics arrived."
2 inch diameter area of redness and swelling of entire thigh.
Arm with shot hurts I can not lift it. Pain is bad redness around shoulder. Joint pain as well as muscle.
"Received flu shot and was driving home when about 30 min later, I developed double vision. Was sent to ER when doctors thought it was my brain tumors growing. Had a CT and MRI of brain which shown tumors weren't growing. Sent home after EKG and labs were good. Double vision continued and right became crooked and turned inward and vision worsen. Given steroids and symptoms cleared about an hour later. Then returned on and off during weekend. Continue on steroids."
"Bell's Palsy, R-sided."
Broke out in hives 11/1/15.
"Patient received FLUZONE HD Thursday 10/8/15 in the early afternoon. By Friday 10/9/15 in the evening, patient started to develop a rash on her left neck/top of left shoulder area. By Saturday 10/10/15, rash spread to front of chest and continued to spread to front torso area. Patient went to a clinic which prescribed her triamcinolone 0.1% cream. Patient stated that rash cleared up by Thurs 10/15/15."
"6 cm raised red injection site, hot. No tx - warm compresses PRN."
5 hours after shot had fever/chills/shaking/fast heartbeat for 4-5 hours. Did not go to doctor's office. Pt was fine by the morning except for being tired.
"Severe hives all over, which lasted for three days.  I was given both IV and a prescription for prednisone, and had to take Benadryl, Zyrtec, and Zantac to control them."
"Red, raised, itchy, rash covering thighs, arms, chest, buttocks.  Absent on Face, soles of hands and feet."
"Fever 101 F, severe body aches and pains, nausea, headache, vertigo and loss of appetite. Symptoms persisted for two days. Severe enough to call in sick to work for two days. Treatment: Tylenol ES 500 mg X 2 doses (not effective); Benadryl 50mg X 1 dose (not effective)."
RED SWOLLEN HOT RASH BELOW INJECTION SITE.
"Patient described extreme cold sensation, shivering, and chills which started within 10 minutes of receiving shot. Shortly thereafter patient began to have random jerky movements of both arms, shoulders and neck for approximately 2 hours. Symptoms subsided on their own w/o treatment."
"Patient reports that after administration of vaccine, she has felt a very strong pain in her left arm and cannot sleep or barely use that arm. She is taking naproxen and is relieving the pain but it comes back."
"She stated that the sides of her tongue felt """"fat"""" within sev. minutes of vaccination. BP 138/102 P 70 O2 - 100% alert, at 3:25. BP 142/98 P 78 at 3:40 and she said she felt fine. Stated she has had many flu vaccinations in the past with no problem. After 20 minutes she said she still was ok and left."""""
"Note: I have severe COPD - oxygen user. Within 24 hours, breathing was much, much worse and remains so. Upon rising the next morning and for 5 total mornings, I was so dizzy I could not stand. I've never been dizzy in my life. The dizziness stopped in about 10 minutes - very scary at my age. Nausea lasting from Oct. 1 through Oct. 23, and starting again 10-26."
"Fine prior to shot. Day after shot, felt bad. Progressed to high fever (102 degrees), loss of appetite, extreme tiredness/weakness, sore throat. Fever, loss of appetite, extreme tiredness/weakness lasted approximately 7 weeks. Lost 10 pounds and struggled to get out of bed. Given Z-PAK and generic LEVAQUIN, but these antibiotics had no effect on fever, tiredness or weakness. TYLENOL and ibuprofen would give limited relief from fever. Blood work erratic, ultimately diagnosed w/anemia and UTI."
Woke up the morning after the flu vaccine with shoulder and neck pain (right) she took Ibuprofen with some relief. On 10-21-15 she went to Employee Health. Treatment included cold and heat therapy with OTC anti-inflammatory medication as indicated on the bottle.
"Patient became ill approximately 15-20 minutes after receiving his flu shot. He was nauseated, and periodically not lucid in his responses. 911 was called and he was taken to the ER. Upon evaluation, nothing diagnosable was found to have occurred. It was also believed that his physician was making changes in his blood pressure medication, which may have played a role in this happening."
Approx 2 days after receiving immunization pt started to have severe pain at the bra of back down to buttocks on posterior side also had some pain just above breast. Approx 9 days later pain is some better but still present.
"Welts, lip swelling. Went to doctor's office on 10-8."
"Raised area near administration site; soreness. Raised area 3 inches, itching, red. Feeling flu-like symptoms continuing 2 days post injection."
"Patient received Flu vaccine on Thu 10/23/15. Fri 10/24/15 arm was red, inflamed and swollen. Mother gave applied cold compress. Sat 10/25/15 arm was more red and swollen. Mom gave pt 2 doses of BENADRYL during the day. Sun AM 10/26/15 pt woke up and arm was red and now had blisters and increased pain. Mother then took pt to urgent care center and they were concerned for cellulitis so they told mom to go to ER. Pt see in ER and given steroids IV and PEPCID. D/C'd home on oral steroids, BENADRYL and PEPCID. In office pt w/swelling and blisters decreasing."
"(L) shoulder pain after receiving the flu shot, no swelling or redness but pt complained of significant pain when palpated. He couldn't lift his arm in line w/ his shoulder; was referred to ortho walk-in."
"Patient got Flu shot,  I felt bone so pulled out a bit before injecting. About a month later patient came in and said shoulder was sore and still had radiating pain from injection. Referred to MD."
"Itching at injection site within 1 hr of receiving on 10/22/15. Rash, swollen and raised on 10/24/15."
"Patient reports redness and warmth at the site, swelling and bruising."
"Patient had worsening left arm soreness that peaked at one week, consistent with subacromial bursitis. Improved with rest and ibuprofen."
"Initial vasovagal, about 12 hours later developed """"extreme fatigue and weakness"""". """"Somewhat improved"""" 12 days later."""""
Patient can't lift left arm any higher than a few inches without pain. She saw Dr. on 10/9/15 and was given methylprednisolone taper. She felt good while taking it but arm hurts again. She has been trying to go about her business and is 80 percent better but still having pain trying to curl her hair.
Blood vessel was hit. Entire arm is black and blue. Patient went to doctor. No treatment necessary.
Rash/cellulitis to left arm - started 10/26/15. Started on antibiotics for cellulitis and BENADRYL cream for itchiness.
The patient is a healthy 44-year-old female with a history of adverse reaction to IIV characterized by a 45 x 30 mm patch of erythema edema warmth and pruritus which resolved 5 days post vaccine receipt.
Hives. BENADRYL. Today to start prednisone.
"24 hrs - migraine, low grade fever, aches, flu symptoms. 48 hrs - swelling in all joints - joint pain, overall general bloating X 4 days. Fifth day - general improvement, still pain in (L) hip with walking, improving."
"Large, warm, red, raised, erythematous, indurated area around injection site.  Improved after 48 hours."
"Initial symptoms Itching in hands, hives. Next morning eyes swollen. Raspy throat."
Patient has sore right arm and cannot lift her arm over her head.
Full-body rash and hives- onset roughly 12 hours after injection.  Patient has gotten several seasonal flu shots over the last several years and had absolutely no problem.  Only change for this year was the addition of Cosentyx therapy.
"Difficulty inhaling, tickle in throat, deep, persistent coughing.  Instructions advised """"lying down may relieve symptoms.""""  Followed instructions and symptoms gradually abated overnight.  Solar plexus painful x4 days following."""""
PT IS COMPLAINING OF SEVERE SHOULDER PAIN DUE TO THE VACCINE ADMINISTRATION.
"Soreness and tightness day 1. Pain on day 3-4. Been on steroid for 4 days, will continue for 3 more days and then reevaluated."
"Patient had chills, very cold, shaking all over head, arms, confused. Symptoms lasted for 1 day."
"Mother stated patient had large knot in arm where vaccine was given.  Arm was reddened around area, and hot to touch.  IBU given 10/29/2015, with little improvement on 10/30/2015.  By Nov. 2, patient was much improved, but still had large knot at injection site along with redness at site."
Student received a flu shot at a school based clinic and reported redness and swelling at the site beginning that day.
This patients wife told me today that about 5 hours after the shot her husband had fevers chills and the rigors and they did not call the pharmacy or doctor. It last about 18 hours. They were not sure if it was from the shot or an allergy to something else.
"Mother called the office asking if his arm should still be hurting from the vaccine. Per mom the right deltoid is swollen the size of a fist, red and hand tingling. Told to use cool compresses and Tylenol and to be seen if no improvement. Seen on 10/30/2015 and the area is still red, warm to the touch and painful. The area is swollen the size of a fist with residule marks from the day before. He is referred to his allergist for further direction."
"Cellulitis - patient had pneumonia and flu vaccine on October 7, 2015. Patient noticed swelling and pain around injection site, patient did not take any otc for pain. Improved with Keflex 4 TIMES DAILY, day 3/7 antibiotic. Had fever x 1 day 3 days ago none since."
Patient claims she can't raise arm.
Hives that started on the trunk of my body and has moved to my arms and legs.
No Adverse Events.
"Immediate - dizzy, itchy. All night - dizzy, itchy, nausea."
Chills at first followed an hour later by pounding heart rate for hours.
Arm became swollen and went to the shoulder blade few days after vaccine.  Seen in the ER 10/21 when he started to develop low back pain to the point he could barely walk.
"Patients claims immediate pain at injection site on right arm, could not lift right arm all weekend, blotches on right arm. Patient claims can lift arm higher today (11/2/2015) and that blotches are still present on the right arm."
Patient described bruise on left arm that was adminstered both Fluzone high dose and Prevnar and still has mark as of 11/2/2015.
Moderate to severe pain in arm and difficulties moving arm for 2+ weeks after Tdap shot administration.
"Patient presented with red blotches and complaint of feeling """"really warm."""" I gave her 10ml of diphenhydramine elixir and One Epinephrine 0.3mg shot. Took her blood pressure until returned back to what patient stated as normal."""""
Pt developed a localized reaction at the injection site on left rear deltoid area. The area was warm to the touch and red. The area was about the size of a half-dollar.
"Sensitive eyes, sudden and intense head cold symptoms all at once.  No medications taken much Vicks used. Slept most of next day symptoms gone by next evening but still tired until 11/01/2015."
"Hard to swallow at around 5 pm, eyes starting to get droopy, completely exhausted. Next two days, symptoms resolved. Absence of fever."
"Flu vaccine at 5pm sat 10/31. Hives may have appeared earlier, was covered from head to toe with costume at party. No change in diet, detergent, or exposure to anyone with rash. Noticed rash on bilateral arms/legs and some on trunk at 0200. Took OTC Benadryl 25mg 11/1 at 1200 and 2200 with some relief. Morning of 11/2, rash more red and widespread. Rash now extending to fingers, more on trunk, forehead, right eyelid, neck.  Went to Urgent Care. Was seen by Dr. Was given steroid shot and rash decreased in size, gone from face. Now, 11/2 @ 2330, itchy again, rash back on face but now on cheeks, forehead, and bridge of nose. Taking Benadryl now before sleep. Hope this helps in the morning. What to do now, this is miserable."
"Pain on injection, persistent pain since injection."
Customer is 62 years old. He received the High Dose Fluzone that is for over age 65 years old.
"Left side of face began to swell, itch, and become red (rash like).  From the bottom of chin to cheek bone including lips. 24 hours after shot Face is red with itching and rash has spread to full length of back."
Total body itching and swollen lips and swollen right cheek. Also sensation of burning/hurt/pressure - right cheek and lips.
"A PCV-13 was ordered, but a PPV-23 was given on 10/30/15. Parent notified, pt is well and appt scheduled for tmrw for correct vaccine."
Back ache. Stiffness in shoulders/neck. Shoulder blade pain.
Swelling for a few days. Soreness after 3 weeks.
"EYES BECAME VERY IRRITATED AND EVENTUALLY BECAME VERY SWOLLEN AND SHUT, ALSO WATERY."
"Patients arm had a welt which she was told would be normal, but the swelling continued and progress to and was very warm and swollen. Required an office visit which she was prescribed an antibiotic and prednisone for suspected cellulitis."
Arm swollen where PNEUMOVAX was given.
"Received Hep A #1 R thigh, cried; Received FLUZONE 0.25 ml IM 6-35 mo cried - held breath - went limp; Baby in mom's arm, mom ran out of room for addenenal abreaction."
Swelling and itching on right side of neck.
Pt received PREVNAR 13 on 10/12/15. Within a few days he had to seek treatment for severe pain. Patient states he has limited mobility on his arm. Per MD office xray shows bone spurring and MD does not feel related to shot.
Patient presented with a red rash surrounding the site of injection. The physician believed it to be cellulitis as it was warm and firm to the touch. Antibiotics were prescribed and ZYRTEC tabs.
"This non-serious medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 27-MAY-2015) concerns a 29 year-old non-pregnant female patient. The patient had medical history of screening for pulmonary TB, vaccine against tetanus and flue vaccine. On 27-MAY-2015, the patient received one dose of expired AFLURIA (batch number T57105) via the intramuscular route. On the same day, the patient also received BOOSTRIX (batch number  not provided) on another arm, and TB skin test (batch number not provided) on the same arm as the AFLURIA injection. The outcome was not provided. Reporters comments: The reporter insisted that no patient harm occurred."
Flu vaccine 10/12/15; insomnia; headaches; sore throat; night sweats; rash; low grade fever; L eye twitching; joint pain. Day 16 her only persistence is joint stiffness and L eye twitching.
"10/12/15 flu vaccine giving lightheaded after injection and queasy. Rash on her arm. Diffuse itchiness to her chest and neck. 10/16/15> seen in employee health, injection site red 20 mm and itching. BENADRYL, 10/21/15 > seen by dr; continues BENADRYL so needed; avoid flu vaccine."
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 14-Aug-2015) concerns a 26-year old female patient. Last year, the patient received FLUVIRIN and had no complaints. On 13-AUg-2015, the patient received AFLURIA injection (batch number: U55806) at 0.5 ml annually in an unspecified arm. On 13-Aug-2015. the injection was immediately painful upon administration. As the day progressed, the patient could barely lift her arm that received the shot. This was the first time the patient had a reaction like this. The patient developed severe soreness at the injection site. The outcome was reported as unknown. Reporter's comments: The reporter assessed the events as non-serious."
None.
Persistent pain in arm unlike normal vaccine administration.  Painful to use arm in certain directions and to lay upon. Now taking Motrin.
60 year old female received the HIGH Dose Fluzone Vaccine for people >65 years old.
"This non-serious medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 20-Apr-2015) concerns a 68 year old female patient who had a thiomersal allergy and hypertension. Concomitant medications included lisinopril, zolpidem and nitroglycerin ointment. On the 08-Jan-2015, the patient received AFLURIA injection (batch number (TS0007) via the intramuscular route in the left arm. She had also received a PNEUMOVAX immunisation (batch number not reported) at her doctor's office before going into the pharmacy. On the 09-Jan-2015, the patient developed a rash on her face and eyes. There was no irritation at the injection site. The patient filled a prescription for fluorometholone ointment from an ophthalmologist. Outcome was unknown. Reporter comments: The regulator reported the case as non-serious and reported that the patient attended the Emergency Room."
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 20-Apr-2015) concerns a 21-year-old female patient. The patient had medical history of latex allergy. The patient had no current illness and was not taking any medications at the time of vaccination. On 08-Feb-2015, the patient received intramuscular AFLURIA (batch number T51408). On 08-Feb-2015, 10 to 15 minutes after receiving the vaccine, the patient did not feel well and generalised not feeling well, she thought it was because she hadn't eaten, so she got lunch and left the store. After getting home, she felt worse, disoriented, had difficulty breathing, hives and increased blood pressure, one hour after the shot. She went to the ER for treatment. The outcome was reported as recovered. Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the events as non-serious. The reported onset date was 09-Feb-2015."
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 26-Aug-2015) concerns a 63 year-old female patient who had no history of bleeding and was not on any blood thinning medications. On 26-Aug-2015 at 11:00 AM, the patient received AFLURIA (batch number U54806) 0.5mL via the intramuscular route on the right deltoid/arm. AFLURIA was stored correctly. On 26-Aug-2015 at 11:00 am, the patient experienced profuse bleeding at the injection site after the AFLURIA was administered and the PFS was pulled out of the right deltoid. Some blood spilled onto the floor. After the bandage was placed onto the injections site on the right arm (site of injection) started to swell and became swollen. Patient then became nauseated. Ice pack was placed onto the swollen arm for fifteen minutes and the patient rested for the duration until the swelling subsided. The bleeding discontinued upon bandage placement. The outcome was recovered on 26-Aug-2015. Reporter's comments: The reporter insisted that the vaccine was administered properly into the muscle."
"This spontaneous medically confirmed report (initial receipt 28-Aug-2015) concerns a 32 year old female patient. The patient had no medical history. On 28-Aug-2015, the patient inadvertently received an intramuscular dose of expired AFLURIA (batch number 10249211A, expiry date: 30-Jun-2015) at 0.5 ml once. No adverse reaction occurred since administration. The outcome was reported as recovered. Reporter's comments: The reporter assessed the event as non-serious. Follow-up (08-Sep-2015): The spelling of the reporter's name updated. No new information."
"This non-serious medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 20-Apr-2015) concerns a 65 year-old female patient who had no medical history and no illness at the time of vaccination. Concomitant medication included levothyroxine. On the 12-Jan-2015, the patient received AFLURIA injection (batch number provided). On the 13-Jan-2015, the patient developed a chest pain, SOB (shortness of breath), and near syncope. These lasted for 10 minutes. EKG (electrocardiogram) and blood test was negative for the cardiac event. The outcome was recovered. Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the case as non-serious, and reported the terms 'blood test normal' and 'electrocardiogram normal'."
"This non-serious medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 11-May-2015) concerns a 36 year-old female patient. On 17-Feb-2015, the patient received AFLURIA injection (batch number T50407) dose 1 on the left arm. On 17-Feb-2015, the patient experienced redness, swelling and itching. The patient took diphenhydramine 50mg once. The outcome was recovered. Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the case as not serious."
Purpura aprox. 5 inches below injection site.
Rash across upper chest which spread by evening & continued the next day with itchy eyes & skin accompanied with low grade fever of 100. On 11/1-11/3/15 taking antihistamine.
PATIENT REPORTS PAIN IN HER RIGHT ARM FROM VACCINATION THAT HAS NOT RESOLVED. SHE HAS NOT SOUGHT MEDICAL TREATMENT AT THIS TIME AND REFUSED THE PHARMACY TO CALL HER PHYSICIAN.
"Based on a picture, large, round, erythematous region near right deltoid muscle. Lasted 48-72 hours and appeared within 24 hours."
"Patient reported swollen lower lip and tongue. Denied difficulty breathing. T 99.1. At 6:18 patient said tongue felt normal, right lower lip remained slightly swollen. Temp 98.8 with Tylenol. Difficulty breathing denied."
By end of day pt c/o pain in (L) brachium which continued post injection which continues to present date.
Upper arm hurting where shot was given. Unable to move arm in any motion. Hard to dress and reach. Am taking pain meds every day (are for back pain). Having hard time moving arm. Will see doctor tomorrow (11/04/2015).
"Rash over torso, ears, head, neck."
"I was seated and nurse was standing.  Nurse had me role up shirt sleeve much higher than I've ever done for a shot (which I thought was odd but I count on them knowing what they are doing is correct).  I had initial soreness at injection site but an hour, or so, has not been uncommon with an injections in the past.  However, the soreness persisted and has led to arm strength weekness and pain pings.   On Sunday 11/01/2015, arm weakness and pain were so bad I called facility 24hr advice nurse to get recommendation on what to do and get a doctor appointment to have it looked at and discussed.  She suggested heat and to also try alternating with ice compress.  Doctor on 11/02 gave a stronger NSAID and suggested using rotator cuff exercises on printout.  He gave a referral for shoulder x-rays and said contact him in 2 weeks (i.e., at one month from onset) if pain continued for likely referral to ortho.  On my way out of facility, I stopped and talked with one of the two nurses handling flu vaccine intake and related my SIRVA to her and she was able to identify the nurse, who was actually there that day, and said she would convey the injury information (e.g., high shoulder stick results) to the vaccination nursing staff."
"Aching, nausea, dizziness evening after vaccine administered (afternoon) following morning, atypical chest pain, blood pressure increased, dizziness. Treated at emergency room."
Fever up to 104.0. Vomiting. Shakey tremors. Fussy. Not eating well. Onset the next day.
Sore shoulder; stiff arm lasted three weeks.
Extreme upper stomach pain and vomiting.
"Awoke 2:30 am w/burning, itching on left arm est over site of injection. Hives around injection site. Took BENADRYL, helped in 24 hrs, then had spread apart 3 red bumps on lateral upper arm, 2mm size ? bites, insect."
"Pt reports chills, temp 101 degrees F, headache earlier but feeling better now except HA (approx 7:20 pm). Called pt 10/22/15 9:50 am - still feels bad but better, did not seek any medical attn."
Gave expired vaccine (4/15). No effects.
Gave expired vaccine (4/15) (no effects).
Pt reports she started to notice bruising which worsened and became hot and red. The redness under bruised site began spreading down her arm so she was seen 2 days after vaccine administration at walk in where she was prescribed antibiotic and prednisone.
"Fever, fast heartbeat, swelling, from shoulder down arm. Redness, extreme pain, weakness."
Soreness in arm and shoulder and pain ever since the immunization.
Patient presented to pharmacy with rash that starting on ankles and moved up the body to her trunk area.
"Left arm - swelling to size of softball, high fever. Shortness of breath, sweating. ER visit, got IV fluids. Diagnosed w/ pneumonia."
"Received it before noon on 9/23/15 - by 6 pm - fever (next day was 103) chills, aches, nausea, dizziness, malaise. Sickest I have ever felt after flu shot."
Got shot 11:00 AM 10/20. 11:00 PM 10/20 total body myalgia 10/21 called off work -> severe body myalgia. Took OTC ibuprofen. 10/22 felt little better. Still took off work. 10/23 felt better still and went to work. Now just has swelling at injection site.
10/15/15 pt. reports doctor visit for nerve damage and possible shoulder impingement secondary to FLUVIRIN injection being given too low on the arm (left).
"Pt received Flu v on 10/19/15 afternoon she went to her dance class. In 2-3 hrs complained severe headache. Next day fever of 102.6, more headache, """"neck stiffness"""", dizziness. Pt was seen in office. Finally symptoms resolved in 2 days with Ibuprofen."""""
"Vaccine (Flu) IM received Monday 10/26 PM. Awoke with Left leg (Injection limb) twice the size, painful, and red. Hives began in early afternoon. Seen at facility and given Prednisone and BENADRYL."
Developed itch and rash. Went to doctor and was told he had hives. States he received a couple prescription meds and is better. Still has a few hives (rash) left. Has had flu shots in past years.
Very large hive on arm rt near injection site - hot - itchy - very sore arm and severe muscle aches for over 2 weeks.
Patient went for an MRI 3 days after receiving her influenza and PREVNAR 13 vaccinations both in her right arm. The MRI read enlarged lymph nodes under the arm on the right side.
"This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a company representative refers to a 15 year old female patient. Pertinent medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 19-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of GARDASIL (lot # K010215, expiration date May 2017) 1 shot (strength, dose and route were not provided). Concomitant medication was not reported. The physician reported that the patient experienced a syncope expressed as """"passed out"""" 15 seconds after getting the shot while using GARDASIL. The patient also received influenza virus vaccine (unspecified) reported as """"the flu shot"""" in their other arm at the same time. The patient did not seek medical attention and no treatment was given for syncope. The patient recovered of syncope the same day on 19-OCT-2015. The reporter did not assess the relatedness of GARDASIL to syncope. Additional information is not expected because the physician did not have specific information to provide."""""
(R) lower deltoid localized rxn to flu shot. TX with ice and ibuprofen.
Hives on arms and legs (Sunday 11/1/15) getting better Monday 11/2/15.
"Redness, pain at injection site; itching."
LOSS OF MOVEMENT FROM SHOULDER TO ELBOW WITHOUT PAIN. PAIN AND TINGLING/BURNING SENSATION WITHOUT MOVEMENT.
"Pt received flu shot on 10/10/2015 and developed a diffuse, pruritic rash w/ red papules.  Pt took Benadryl for 5 days without relieve.  Seen by primary care doctor on 10/15, and was given hydroxyzine, Allegra, and triamcinolone cream."
"Soft tissue swelling as a reaction to the shot, which is now resolving, causes some nerve pain from the swelling.  Pt received steroids to help with swelling."
"""During the flu line on Saturday morning, I received the flu shot in my left arm. It burned more than usual going in.  The pain in my left arm worsened over the next several days to the point of it feeling injured by someone yanking my arm out of place. I was on a cruise the week of 12 Oct and since I was unable to make contact with your office before departing (12th was Columbus Day), I decided to continue to monitor my arm for symptoms during my vacation in the hope it would resolve on its own.  For the first 2 weeks afterward, I hard time with basic arm motions (lifting, reaching, getting dressed) and at times it hurt to just move.  There were also several nights where I experienced pain when laying on my side, the most extreme pain occurring on the 18th. I went to my chiropractor on the 20th for a routine back adjustment and he said he sees this happen every year.  He suspects the shot went directly into a nerve in my upper arm.  He did some work on it yesterday and it feels better, although I'm still experiencing some symptoms.  He said it typically takes 4-6 weeks for everything to be back to normal when this happens."""""""""
Severe left arm pain for over 10 days now.
Pt is experiencing sore upper arm/shoulder since the injection.
Pt is experiencing continued soreness in the upper arm/shoulder.
"Redness, pain, itching at injection site."
None reported.
Unknown.
"Facial swelling with dry skin, fever, chills and body aches. Took OTC Tylenol and Claritin and symptoms resided."
"Patient had pain in site of injection, it went away, but she said it came back again after couple of weeks."
"After the patient received the vaccination, I drove her home and she ate supper. Within an hour of the injection, pt. began having severe chills, accompanied by violent shaking -- so bad that pt. could not hold a glass of water to take the Tylenol (two, 500-mg. tablets) I gave her, just in case she had a fever (though her forehead was not unusually warm to the touch). Patient also reported feeling nauseous. The patient went to bed, lying on a heated mattress pad, with a heating pad on her back, and covered with a sheet, a warm blanket, two comforters, and a terrycloth bathrobe atop the foregoing layers. The chills subsided after a while, but she had a second, equally severe bout later this evening (into the wee hours of the next morning, lasting until after 1:35 AM October 10)."
Pain at the site of injection during the injection and post 1 month.
"Patient felt sick with feverish chills, body aches. Large swollen, red mark extending down upper arm."
"Swollen red and became tender the next day. Talked to patient and she said the area is about 4"""" by 5"""" and says it is getting better."""""
"Flu shot was given on top of shoulder, causing bruising with in 24 hrs. Shoulder pain increased with time, 2wks later I could not lift my arm. Reported injury to primary care, they had me come in immediately and sent me directly to the ER. Xrays were taken and I was sent home with a tramadol & Flexeril. Followed up with ortho & hospital. MRI approval is pending- initial diagnosis is bursitis."
NONE REPORTED.
"Bump in shot, red, hot and swollen skin. It was painful and lasted a week."
PATIENT'S ARM WAS RED THAT NIGHT.  THEN IT BECAME HOT AND SWOLLEN.  SHE DID NOT HAVE A FEVER.  SHE WAS ADVISED TO SEE A DOCTOR.  DOCTOR STATES THAT SHE HAS A SKIN INFECTION AND WAS GIVEN AUGMENTIN ON 10/28/15.
Flu shot was injected to high on my shoulder so I have had horrible pain trying to move the arm at the shoulder it was injected into.
"Diarrhea, abdominal cramping, body aches, mild soreness on the right arm, nausea/vomiting, and Temp 99. Could not keep anything down. My husband drove me to see the doctor and informed her of my sign and symptoms. Also, told her that I received the flu vaccine yesterday (Monday). I also told her two years ago when I got the flu vaccine I got sick. She didn't response to my statement made. Diagnosis with GI virus. Took Zofran (Rx MD).  At 2:00pm developed a fever 102 took Tylenol. After 45minutes was able to sips on water and ate couple soda crackers. At 7pm body aches and fever 101 took Motrin. Last episode of diarrhea was approximately 6:30pm. Wednesday, feeling a little bit better not full 100%."
Pt was administered a dose of influenza high dose vaccine.
"Right deltoid 5cm x 5 1/2cm rounded firm erythema, slightly tender."
"Sudden onset of abdominal cramping, nausea, chest pain and numbness and tingling of her lips and palpitations. Went to the emergency department with diagnosis of Allergic reaction-Vasovagal."
"Patient received a live virus vaccine (MMR) on 10/6/15. She presented today for a pregnancy test which was positive. Had signed consent not pregnant and agreed to not become pregnant within 4 weeks of vaccination. Based on LMP, probable conception was the day after receiving the MMR vaccine. Report is precautionary."
Patient broke out in hives at school.  She was sent home.  We called the doctor and was told to give her Benadryl.
"Redness, swelling, pain."
"""I received my flu shot during the October clinic and my right arm still hurts. I told the nurse after he administered the shot that it hurt pretty bad.  He said he thought he hit a nerve.  It hurts to rasie my arm above my head.  I will continue to stretch my shoulder out and see if that works."""""""""
"Patient complained of redness, warm to touch and itch on left arm below injection site about 2-3 inches below on the day after injection."
"Noticed on Nov. 1, 2015 red, rash left arm w/no itch. A little tender w/touch."
"Rash started 10-29-15 in the evening. Rash on both arms, neck, feet. Took OTC BENADRYL daily -> some improvement."
"Pt became extremely irritable, decreased awareness, had behavior change, not cooperative, eating was a challenge, personality change, """"autistic like behavior per mom"""", aggressive behv - lasted for 9 days."""""
"Headache, hives happened 3 hours after shot. She took some BENADRYL."
"I received FLUZONE High-Dose 2015-16 syr 0.5 ml injection on Oct. 22, 2015 by pharmacist. Pharmacist assured me that I would not have a reaction because she said that the viruses are not live. However, by 6:30pm that day I was very dizzy and feverish. After sleeping that night the next day I was fine."
"Constant headache, dizziness, short of breath also rash/hives symptoms started within 24 hrs after shot."
Migraine and Hives.
"Pt complains of sore arm even a month after vaccination, says she cannot raise arm."
"Pt. received flu shot at hosp - her place of work at 0900, developed red maculopapular rash over (R) arm, (R) neck and chest approx 90 minutes after. Also reports hx flu-like illness to flu vaccine."
"Pt called pharmacy on 10/22/15 around 9 am. He said after 7 days of getting Flu shot he now has symptoms such as can't open mouth properly, can't talk properly, has swelling and rash. I told him to see his MD right away. He was concerned why it happened a week later."
Pt rec'd Hi Dose FLUZONE on 10/30/15 on 11/3/15 she reported a dissipating bruise approximately 4 inches wide in that area.
"10/30/2015 6 AM shortness of breath. 12:30 PM acute tachycardia. 1:42 pulse with hot flushing, clamminess and weakness. Also site reaction of redness, pain and itching and swelling as well as bruising, Blood pressure of 145/102. 10/30/15  11/1/15 continuing erratic pulse continued with pulse in 90's until morning of 11/1/15."
"C/O pain in (L) arm, pt sts he feels like there is something inside the muscle since 10/10/15. C/O fatigue and tenderness at injection site."
"Headache x 24 hrs onset 12 hrs after shot, chills, body aches, lightheaded for 2 days and still present."
"4 hrs injection site arm became swollen, hot to touch, tingling aches, felt as if a tourniquet was above elbow, fingers swollen, wrist and top of hand swollen. Required MD evaluation. Dx - cellulitis most likely from flu vaccine."
"1014 7:30 PM nauseous, headache, fever 101, vomited at 11 PM. 10/15 7 AM - nauseous, achy."
"Headaches, fatigue, fever - 8 hr post."
"Nausea, Torso rash, and fatigue."
"Chills, fever 102."
Upset stomach. Headache. Dizzy. Threw up once.
"Head aches, nose running, upset stomach."
"On 10/14/1 5- severe body aches, unable to function, having chills, vomiting, severe headache migraine in nature."
Cold-/hot went to bed early and felt fine in the morning.
Nauseous.
"Patient reported almost one month later that their right arm swelled, was red and warm.  It reportedly lasted two weeks.  They did not seek medical care and reported the incident 26 days later."
"Patient said that the arm starting to swell up bigger and bigger starting a couple hours after vaccination. She said she iced it to make it feel better. The shoulder started to develop a big bump, was warm to the touch, red, itchy, and hurt when pressed."
"Started with a lower backache.  By 2:15 PM I had mild shaking in my upper body; by 2:30 PM I had severe, uncontrollable shaking, teeth chattering.  Slightly elevated temp.  Called facility and was advised to take 2 Tylenol.   Fell asleep about 4:00 PM, awoke after 5:00 PM and shaking was gone.  Felt slightly nauseous throughout the reaction.  Felt fine in the morning of 11/4/15."
Pt reported severe pain in right shoulder muscle and rash.
"This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a female patient of unknown age. The patient's concurrent conditions included pectoralis excavatum. On 01-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 lot # K006681, expiration date 21-OCT-2015 (route and site of administration not reported). On the same day, she concomitantly received an unspecified influenza virus vaccine. Later on 01-NOV-2015, after the vaccines had been administered, the patient become woozy. She used cold compresses and laid down for 15 minutes. The outcome of becoming woozy was reported as recovered/resolved on 01-NOV-2015. The reported did not assess the causal relationship between the event """"become woozy"""" and vaccination with PNEUMOVAX 23. Additional information has been requested."""""
"Large reddened area 6 inches x 4 inches, hot to touch, swollen."
"Case number PHEH2015US021921, is an initial spontaneous report from a consumer received on 26 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 38-year-old female patient. Historical conditions were not reported. No concomitant medication was reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 157003) intramuscularly on 19 Oct 2015. On the same day after vaccination, the patient experienced immediate local reactions to heat, swelling and itching at the injection site. On 20 Oct 2015, the patient experienced chest tightness, shortness of breath, dizziness, headache, hot flash, the patient's heart felt heavy and feet were tingly. The patient took BENADRYL. On 21 Oct 2015, the patient blood pressure went up and she went to emergency room after the patient spoke to a nurse. The patient blood pressure was through the roof and it set the alarm off on the machine. On 22 Oct 2015, the patient was pretty much tired and anything the patient did left the patient winded. The patient used Albuterol inhaler to help with tightness. On 23 Oct 2015, the patient had to leave work due to dizziness that lasted for hours. Itching, swelling and redness went away on 24 Oct 2015. The site flared up on 26 Oct 2015. It was reported that over the weekend the patient was still winded and fatigued and outcome of other events was unknown. Seriousness of the events and causality was not reported. Seriousness of the events was upgraded based on information available in the source document."
"Patient was given an immunization with AFLURIA at pharmacy by pharmacist 9/11/15. On Tues Oct 13, 2015, pt called pharmacy and spoke to reporter. Patient said she had been having deep muscle pain at the injection site since getting the injection. Not everyday or event when exercising but when she lies down in bed or resting when pressure on that arm. I called her physician to tell them. As of last week there was still deep muscle soreness. She said this didn't happen previous year but did happen 3 yrs ago from another pharmacy vaccination."
Arm developed a knot approx 12 hours post immun. and then began to develop swelling pt took BENADRYL and APAP.
Frequent headaches.
"The patient is a healthy 44-year-old female who noted localized pain after receipt of influenza vaccine IIV (manufacturer SmithKline lot # 7AJ5J) to her left deltoid. She reports she noted no initial or immediate pain. She reports she noted mild local pain at the injection area the next day. She states she didn't particularly pay attention that approximately 2 weeks later she noted worsening shoulder pain at the subacromion was initially severe enough she left work. She states the pain is continued. It affects ADLs such as dressing. She notes it mostly with extension especially above shoulder level. The pain is currently 2/10. She has been taking ibuprofen or NAPROSYN one to times a day. She did try a topical diclofenac patch which was not effective. She continues her routine exercise program which is ballet dance approximately 5 days per week. She states she likely would not have noted it is related to vaccine receipt except the injection was very high in the deltoid. She has no weakness or restricted ROM. She denies prior injury to her shoulder. She reports she took ibuprofen, likely 400 mg, prior to vaccine receipt to mitigate adverse effects and routinely following the vaccine. She denies immediate reaction after vaccine receipt consistent with IgE allergy including no urticaria, dyspnea, oral facial throat swelling. She denies systemic reaction of fever chills malaise, cough, headache, arthralgias or myalgias. She denies local site reaction of erythema edema, warmth or induration."
"RED, RASH, SWOLLEN, WARM TO TOUCH. TREATED WITH ANTIBIOTICS AND STEROIDS."
"Wheezing, chest tightness, achiness, weakness."
"Onset commenced approximately one week after flu shot was given.  Reported headaches (crown, occiput - Frontal); runny nose; however, no fever.  No treatment provided and no OTC medicines taken."
Flu type symptoms.
"Patient c/o """"numbness and tingling in right lower forearm and right ear feels like it's clogged.""""  Patient stated the """"numbness and tingling started to occur in left lower forearm.""""  There were no s/s of respiratory distress or swelling noted on or around face or neck or at vaccination site.  Referred patient to Emergency Room."""""
Swelling and rash at injection site. Boil on arm and chin after injection. Itching and pain all over.
Patient continues to have pain and difficulty in motion of arm. Range of motion is effected. Having pain at night and intermittently on motion.
"Started with severe cough, went to sinus infection, treated for 9 days with Antibiotic, sinus infection cleared up developed itching rash. Still have rash as of today 11/04/2015."
Pain extending entire length of arm for extended period of time.
Redness around injection site for approximately 2 weeks.
"Patient started experiencing chills at approximately 9:00pm. By 11:00pm, she started also experiencing a headache, lightheadedness, and a temperature of 104F."
PT STATES THERE WAS INITIAL SORENESS AT THE TIME OF ADMINISTRATION. PT STATES THAT BRUISING DEVELOPED AROUND THE ADMINISTRATION SITE. FOLLOWING DAY THERE WAS REDNESS AND ELEVATED BUMPS BELOW THE BRUISING AND THERE WAS SOME WARMTH FELT AROUND THE AREA.
BLISTERS AND ITCHING TO THE ARM.
Hives in diaper area 24 hours after flu vaccines maculopapular rash 48 hours after flu vaccine treated with BENADRYL.
"Actually began with mild headache on 10/30 a few hours after the shot. The next day headache got worse with fever, dizziness, fatigue, twitching on the side of my face. As of today, 11/04/2015, 3:20 PM, still have symptoms. I have been taking 400 mg of Motrin every 6 hours. Called the doctor today and reported symptoms to receptionist. She said doctor had no availability today. I should report to pharmacy. Pharmacy was very busy and I asked to speak with manager. I told him that I was reporting adverse reaction to flu shot. He said he would have the nurse return my call. Haven't heard back."
Patient had swelling in the lower part of his left arm. He was instructed to contact his MD whom ordered an MRI to rule out a blood clot. The MRI was clear and the patient will see the MD again tomorrow.
L arm numbness x2 weeks.
L arm numbness since vaccination.
"Student administered the influenza vaccine to the patient under the supervision of nursing instructor.  The injection was given into the deltoid muscle approximately 2 inches below the acromian process in the left deltoid muscle.  The patient states that she felt pain in her left upper arm and neck as the injection was given.  The patient also complained of an upset stomach, chills and tiredness the day after the injection. The patient states that her pain is improving on 11/4/2015."
"Student administered the influenza vaccine to the patient under the supervision of nursing instructor.  The injection was given into the deltoid muscle approximately 2 inches below the acromian process in the left deltoid muscle.  The patient states that one-half hour after the shot was given, a pain went up her neck and then the left side of her face swelled up. The swelling and pain was gone by the following day."
"Patient developed severe left arm pain at injection site limiting his range of motion, he was unable to sleep well that night due to significant pain.  He noted mild swelling at the site, but denied bruising, erythema, discharge, or pustule.  He denied SOB or fever.  The following afternoon he took OTC Aleve with some relief and improvement in symptoms."
"Student administered the influenza vaccine to the patient under the supervision of nursing instructor.  The injection was given into the deltoid muscle approximately 2 inches below the acromian process in the left deltoid muscle.  The patient states that after the injection she had immediate pain to her neck and head.  The next day she had a fever, chills & body aches.  She went to the ER on 11/2/2015 with a terrible headache."
"RASH ALL OVER CHEST, ARMS AND UP TO HIS NECK."
"Rash all over the body, swelling of tongue."
Pt stated had a spreading red area on the arm not at the injection site but at spot where person giving injection held arm.
"Nausea and fever of 103.1. Fever broke at ~9:00 PM on 11/02, nausea/vomiting ceased at 10:00 AM on 11/03 but fever of 100.4 remains as of 9:00 PM on 11/04."
"Rash at site of injection, on arm. Itch. Break out at site. Benadryl cream applied but ineffective at healing reaction."
"Patient states she experienced swelling, redness and pain at site of injection starting that evening.  By the following morning swelling had gone away however redness and pain remained."
"Pt reported symptoms on 11/4; had muscle soreness on the day of vaccine administration (10/22) and then weakness in same arm few days later, pt had trouble lifting things, compared it to carpal tunnel, symptoms have improved since then, but not completely gone, she denies any other conditions or medications, has tried salonpas otc for pain relief; pt was referred to pcp for advice."
"Patient's chief complaint was profound dizziness. She also complained of excessive body heat and feeling """"shaky"""". Vitals showed that she had elevated blood pressure of 143/110 and a pulse of 85. He hands so visible signs of shaking and her face was slightly pale in color. We provided the patient with cold water, a cold compress to apply to her neck, and a small candy bar to help raise her blood sugar. We removed part of her long-sleeved shirt and fanned her with a paper to help cool her down. She refused to lay down on the floor so we instructed her to put her head between her legs to help with blood flow. We kept open communication with the patient about her symptoms and within 20 minutes she stated she was feeling better. Her vitals were rechecked at this time-her blood pressure returned to normal 124/80, but her pulse was still slightly elevated at 80. Her coloring in her face returned to normal and she did not appear to be shaking any longer. She felt comfortable leaving the pharmacy with her husband and stated she felt much better. She went to the restaurant in the store and ate a sub because she stated she had not eaten since early this morning and felt her blood sugar may be low. I called to check on the patient about 6 hours later and she said she still felt a little dizzy and had a headache. She was instructed to follow-up with her primary care physician in the morning if her symptoms persisted and if they became more severe in the night she was to go to the emergency room."""""
"Rec'd at around noon by 2:30 felt tired, had throat tickle and soreness cough took an oscullococcinum. By 4:30, I felt extreme fatigued had fever (unknown degrees) increased thirst rapid shallow breathing, queasiness, body aches, sore arm, by the next day, symptoms subsided - except for fatigue and soreness, which continued four Mondays."
3.5 x 2.5 redness and swelling at injection sight (L) thigh.
Gave PREVNAR instead of PENTACEL. Provider notified. Gave PENTACEL as ordered.
Patient stated she had redness on entire upper (L) arm where shot was administered. Then developed rashes on forehead. Symptoms only subsided 10 days later. Patient has received vaccine before with no reactions.
N.P. called 11/4/15 6:30pm and stated pt was being treated for pain and loss of mobility in left arm that occurred after receiving flu shot. Patient was receiving PT. Tried following up with patient - no answer. N.P believes pain is due to location of where the shot was given. N.P stated she believed shot was given too high on arm and may have entered bursa. Staff will be reeducated on proper injection technique.
"Patient presented with red, swollen and itching area where vaccine was administered."
Pt had a syncope about 3 to 4 minutes after getting a flu shot (AFLURIA). Paramedics arrived shortly after. Monitor basic vitals and was evaluated to be well so pt didn't have to acquire further treatment.
Expired vaccine given to pt.
Expired vaccine given to pt.
10/30/15 TINGLING AND PRICKLING PAIN STARTED. 11/1/15 RASH APPEARED IN BAND LIKE SHAPES ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF BODY.
Sore shoulder.  Ongoing for a couple of weeks (as of 11/5/15) but not sure of specific date when it began.
"Progressively worsening shoulder pain (lower deltoid) radiating out to shoulder blade and down to wrist.  Lateral elevation limited, use limited. I got a shot in the other arm last year and the same thing happened.  I thought it was bursitis. Lasted about 8 months."
"About 45 min following flu shot, client noted arm numbness and tingling in fingers in that arm. Client then stated she was dx with Lymes Disease and wonders if it had an adverse reaction due to illness."
"Case number PHEH2015US022086, is an initial spontaneous report from a consumer received on 27 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 56 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. She was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: not reported) intramuscularly on 26 Oct 2015. Shortly after vaccination she had a itching in the back of her throat and 2 to 3 hours later she had an asthma attack. She treated itchy throat with BENADRYL and had 2 to 3 cups of coffee and then had asthma attack treated with rescue inhaler. Events recovered on the same day (26 Oct 2015). Seriousness and causality of the events were not reported. Seriousness assessment of asthma attack was upgraded based on information in the source document."
Received influenza vaccine on 10/14/15. Started feeling pins and needles sensation systemically starting from legs and throughout extremities and face the morning of 10/24/15. Symptoms have not improved or resolved.
"Baseball sized lump (deltoid) 2 mm scattered papules heavily on trunk, arms and leg few on face."
Pt was given wrong dose of flu vaccine. Should have been given regular flu vaccine and was given peds dose.
"Within 10 mins of receiving vaccines pt. presented with hives on face, extremities and trunk. Dr was notified. Epinephrine 1:1000, 0.12 ml subq administered, steroids prescribed."
"Pain radiating up to left side of neck and down arm, sweating, shaking and itchy throat."
"100 degree fever, chills, body aches."
"I immediately felt sick at the stomach and light headed. I felt this way all day. The Next morning, 10/30/2015 my left knee was swollen and I had trouble walking, so much so I wore a knee brace all day. Later on in the day I found I had hives on my hands, arms and shoulders. I became very itchy, especially on my arms, face and head. On 10/31/2015 my knee was less swollen but my right wrist now had a knot and I did not have full mobility. The hives and itching was still present. On 11/01/2015 I did not take my recurring medications, Metoprolol (blood pressure) and Bupropion (antidepressant) to see if that would help. On 11/02/15 I went to my PCP and she advised me to take Claritin and Pepcid AC which I did and it helped with the hives and itching but later that day they came back and has been back ever since. I now have joint pain in my injection shoulder and my left knee. I can not lift my arm entirely and my knee feels very painful and swollen."
VISUAL LOSS LEFT EYE ONSET 3-4 DAYS AFTER FLU VACCINE.
"On 11/5/15, 19 yo F was brought to clinic for an annual exam. During visit, pt was ordered to receive inluenza vaccine and dose #2 of HPV vaccine quadrivalent IM (GARDASIL). Pt tolerated the influenza vaccine without incident. At 1106, pt was administered the HPV quadrivalent vaccine 0.5 mL in right deltoid (Manufacturer: Merck & Co. Inc, NDC: 0006-4109-01, Lot #L026034). After the injection, the pt passed out briefly. Pt's blood pressure was checked and found to be 84/58. Pt was provided with apple juice & allowed to rest for a unreported period of time. BP recheck at 1120 was back WNL at 112/68. Pt did report that she had eaten prior to appointment. Pt recoved completely and was discharged in stable condition."
"Nausea and large swings in body temperature, from shivering to sweating, between 7 pm and 10 pm. Took paracetamol around 9. Shivering and nausea started again around 2 am, vomited at 3 am. Body temperature returned to normal."
"Significant persistent pain at site of injection. Pain later presented at various sites (unassociated) of body leg/foot, others."
7 mm raised circular induration (R) arm. 5 mm raised circular induration (L) arm.
"Pt developed a red rash at location of injection in back of arm. Took BENADRYL, APAP and used cold compress on location to help. Is painful for patient. It is on arm ZOSTAVAX was given."
"Rash that is papular, ecchymotic and extending round patch approximately 4-5 cm on the right hip proximal to area of thigh vaccinated. Mother self-treated with hydrocortisone and area persisted for 8 days at my evaluation. Additionally child with hives erupting 8 days after vaccination with fever 9 days after vaccination without other clear etiology."
"Headaches, sore throat, chills, elevated blood pressure, red face, slight cough."
None.
"Nausea, vomiting, dizziness, fever (increased to 103 degrees), chills, rigors. (Took flu medicine)."
Pain in stomach. Can not eat. Can not sit up. BP 162/86. Pulse 56. Doing ok next day. No symptoms next day. Did not see doctor.
"Pt reporter high fevers, chills, delerium after 3 hours of receiving vaccination to point she couldn't leave  couch. Pt family member contacted physician stated fromHD flu shot."
"Received PNEUMOVAX at 10 Am by 1 PM vert severe arm pain and even swelling. Some relief with ZYRTEC. Pain was severe, hardly slept that night - pain at site of PNEUMOVAX injection."
Fever to 103.4 evening of vaccine 11-4-15 101 at 7 am 11-5-15. No local reactioned noted.
7:30 PM 11-2-15 area of imms 3 x 1 inch red rash with blisters below inj site left arm. 1:30 PM 11-3-15 seen in office. No redness still has small blisters.
"Nov 3, 2015 patient reported decreased ROM of (L) shoulder, dull ache when not moving arm and sharp intense pain with sudden (L) arm movement. C/O tingling in (L) hand and pain in (L) collarbone. Dr. diagnosis left shoulder inflammatory reaction."
"High Fever (greater than 101); Chills Shakes, Coughing.  OTC medication to moderate symptoms. Not finished as of 11.5.2016 PM"
"Severe Dizziness/Vertigo.  Almost fell down upon rising from bed to use restroom during middle of night.  This began roughly 14-15 hrs after vaccine administered.  Noticeably dizzy, especially when bending over and re-rising to standing position.  This persisted for 3 full days beyond date of vaccination.  By 10/27/2015, the dizziness/vertigo subsided fully.  Have had no symptoms after 10/27/2015.  Very distressing though for the 3 days I did feel the dizziness/vertigo.  Have never experienced this before."
"Client states area was reddened, hot to the touch, much more involved than when she presented to the clinic 11/4/15 @ 2pm where after taking OTC Benadryl the previous night, the site was 3x5"""" reddened, swollen and warm to the touch below the injection site."""""
"Patient developed a one inch wide, red, slightly inflamed patch with an irregular border. This developed 3 inch from injection site."
"Pt called on 11/4/15 and stated approx 2-3 hrs after administration of the vaccine she experienced pain, nausea and had bouts of diarrhea. She has never had the high-dose before and it didn't """"set right"""" with her. She was also very weak and tired that night."""""
"Severe abdominal pain, cough, sore throat, watery eyes, wheezing, vomiting, chills, increased heart rate."
"Flu: greenish/yellow bruise appearance on the entire upper portion of arm (left arm). Prevnar: pain x 1.5 weeks, aches."
"PATIENTS ARM BECOME VERY SORE, HOT TO THE TOUCH AND RED FROM THE SHOULDER DOWN TO THE ELBOW."
"Hives on entire body the morning after the flu shot was given, severe itching. Patient took antihistamine and symptoms were relieved."
"Fever, headache, nausea, swelling and soreness at site, weakness, extreme fatigue,  exhaustion confusion, muscle aches, chest aches and pain, chills, difficulty breathing, back and neck stiffness and pain, difficulty recovering."
Severe itching started 1 hr after immunization given. Antihistamine obtained from pharmacy. No further complications.
BRUISING UP AND DOWN INJECTION ARM WITH SLIGHT ARM PAIN.
"Pt. reported pain in right arm and difficulty sleeping on her arm that night. More discomfort 11/1/15. Swelling in right arm began 11/1/15 curving downward from injection site and curves around to the front and down to the elbow. Pt. took BENADRYL 11/1/15 and looked better 11/2/15. By 11/3/15, arm was almost back to normal."
Pain at shoulder site lasting 3 weeks after injection.
"Approximately 3 days after influenza vaccine patient developed fine red raised rash on bicep of arm in which flu vaccine was administered. Size of rash approximately 2 inch diameter. Administration site is sore but no redness or rash identified there. Pt reports rash feels deep in skin. Pt doctor contacted and instructed to go to Doctor, however, pt called and stated rash appears to be dissipating. Did not seek further medical attention. Unclear if at all related to vaccine."
"Rash on (L) arm, (L) arm pain, blisters on lips and buccal mucosa of mouth, fever of 102 within 12 hours when 2 vaccines were administered. Fever for 2 days, better with TYLENOL. Rash, blisters lasted 6 days."
"Pregnant participant was vaccinated with Influenza vaccine, Fluvirin Novartis."
Participant received the FLU shot and about 45 min after administration she advised of teeth pain that subsided and pressure in chest.
"Injection site reaction, large red area to right deltoid muscle where vaccine was administered; pain to site."
Patient got the high dose flu vaccine and she reports within 4 hours of getting the vaccine she was trembling and had diarrhea which resulted in her son calling EMS. They told her she had the flu and she was not transported to the hospital. She reports her symptoms lasted about 3 days. This has not been the first report of these types of symptoms following the high dose flu vaccine this year so wanted to report this to the FDA Medwatch.
"Patient was in our outpatient infusion center receiving DACOGEN IV and received her FLUZONE (Sanofi) vaccine. Patient started having back pain, flushing and breathing problems. Patient received SOLU-MEDROL IV and MD called. Patient did recover, she finished her infusion, and no further problems were reported."
Patient received PNEUMOVAX 23 on 11/3/15 returned to clinic due to redness and warmth from shoulder to elbow on 11/4/15.
Numb (L) side of my face.
Large bruise at injection site. On the next day (11-3) pt. experienced large hives and lips swelled - went to ER for treatment.
"Customer got the Flu shot on 8/25/15. First she felt tingling sensation and then burning at different times: Then gradually developed pain at the site of the injection after 2 weeks. Pain is radiating towards neck, arm and diffusing."
"I had the FLUZONE HD PF 15-16 INJ vaccine (RX #7859429) on 10/31/15. Within 2 to 3 hours I had a large swelling in my throat and also felt swelling in my upper lip. I could also feel something on both sides of my tongue. Next, I developed a severe headache, began to shake violently, felt feverish, and vomited. I did not go to the ER but thought I might need to. It was obviously a reaction to the flu vaccine and I thought I should report it. I was told they were mixing a stronger dose because of my age. I probably will never have another one but wanted someone to know about it."
"I went to pharmacy and received an seasonal influenza shot (lot # 11849211A) and immediately after the needle was withdrawn, my arm went completely cold. It felt like it was cold, and when I said this to the NP, he touched my arm and said that my arm was physically cold. He then had me stay there until the cold feeling left. I have had multiple other flu shots over the years, and this is the first time this has ever happened. As far as I know, I am not allergic to any of the ingredients, or anything for that matter."
"Localized adverse reactoin at vaccination site including redness, swelling, itching and pain. Several inches in diameter."
Swollen right arm. Sq of softball. Warm to touch. Patient was given alternative shot schedule to follow due to him getting pancreas out in Jan. 2015.
"Client states she developed flu-like sx with body aches, fever and soreness of injection site the evening after vaccination. She woke up at 3:00 AM with her right arm throbbing with pain and she has had severe pain ever since. 800 mg of ibuprofen taken every 5-6 hours has slightly alleviated the severity. No swelling, redness to the site or warm to touch has occurred. Client states she was moving arm, massaging it and icing alternating with heat as well with no relief."
"Patient states she feels generally sick, she cannot move her arm sometimes (the one that received the vaccine), her arm is sore sometimes, and she has a cough."
Pt says she developed a rash on her neck and upper chest several hours after receiving the flu shot.  She said she had welts under her arms.  She said she felt achy.  She did not have breathing difficulty.  Two days after the injection she still has a red rash on her neck and upper chest.  She has taken Benadryl.
Swelling and erythema to area of left deltoid where injection was given.
Pt states she started feeling pain at the site of injection 3 to 4 days after the shot and is still there 6 weeks later.
"Peri-orbital swelling, conjunctival injection, mild bilateral wheezing, a few hives on face."
"Had symptoms of the flu and felt the same. Fever, chills, muscle aches, headache, diarrhea, vomiting. Had these symptoms for approx 36 hours. What I'm most concerned about is that after these symptoms disappeared I was left with somewhat muffled hearing."
"5"""" area of redness on left arm.  Warm & tender to touch. Had Fluzone and Tdap both in L arm."""""
Redness developed and continued to spread approximately 5 inches below injection site up to her shoulder.
"Patient came in 10 days after administration and stated that on the night of administration she experienced """"chills"""" and felt sick all night and couldn't sleep....she didn't know if she had a fever or not. She stated that she was fine on the day she came in to report."""""
A painful rash the size of your palm over the injection site. It spread out at about 5pm. Medicine has not helped the pain or the rash.
"Violent shaking, 101 degree fever, severe headache and pain in upper cervical region, malaise, body aches, dry mouth and white tongue turned to red tongue and tongue paresthesia which worsened over 3 days and persisted for 2 weeks, hearing difficulty and sloughing of skin on palms of hands and feet."
PATIENT STATES THAT SINCE THE INJECTION HE HAS HAD SEVERE PAIN RUNNING DOWN HIS LEFT UPPER ARM FROM THE INJECTION SITE. STATES THAT THE INJECTION WAS GIVEN HIGH ON HIS ARM.  HE WENT TO A PHYSICIAN TO BE CHECK OUT.
"My daughter has a stutter in her speech now after talking very well before her shot, the day after she began talking with the stutter."
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt: 23-Oct-2015) concerns a 45 year-old female patient who had an episode of atrial fibrillation two years ago. On the 21-Oct-2015, the patient received Afluria (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number U58508) via the intramuscular route for the protection against the influenza virus. On the 21-Oct-2015, 30 minutes after vaccination ('with' two hours of receiving the vaccine) the patient experienced atrial fibrillation. The patient saw her primary care physician on 22-Oct-2015 and may need cardio conversion next week. The outcome was reported as not yet recovered. Reporter's Comments: N/A. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness: Serious. Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria PI, atrial fibrillation is unlisted. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is within 2 hours of vaccination. It is plausible that systemic reaction resulting from vaccination triggered event especially in individual who was pre-disposed. Past history is considered to be significant risk factor specifically for requiring cardioversion."
Arm sore at injection site. Pain progressively worsens and stays for rest of month. Methylprednisolone dose pack 4 mg started 10/26/2015 with no affect. Physical therapy started 11/04/2015 which continues 2/3 times per week.
Vaccination given too far up and to the right of deltoid. Severe arm and shoulder pain lasting for 2 months despite anti-inflammatories and stretching.
"I began to have generalized body aches and lower back pain. Body aches are a normal reaction for me from the vaccine. By 10/31/15 my body aches were gone but back pain remained and increased in intensity. On 11/02/2015 I could hardly walk or rise from sitting to standing. My pain radiated into anterior thighs as well. I iced my back, took ibuprofen and stay in a jacuzzi got tub on and off for the next few days. The back pain is tolerable at this time but has not fully dissipated. I went through events/activities that I had done that could've harmed my back besides the vaccine but could not recall anything."
Patient received a duplicate flu shot at the pharmacy (patient got a flu shot at doctors office).
"Patient reported erythema, and edema of left arm traveling towards her left hand. Treatment by PCP with clindamycin 3x/day for 5 days."
"5 minutes after vaccination, patient left leg feel little numb. Asked her to get up and moving around. She still feel little numb but still able to walk (watch her walk about 50 feet) she wants to go home and not seeking any treatment. Called patient about 30 minutes after she return home."
Patient passed out approximately 5 mins after flu hosts was administered. Called 911 -EMS said his BP was low - they gave pt. oxygen - kept him in ambulance for approximately 20-30 mins and then he came back in store to say he was feeling better.
Patient have severe muscle ache for 2 weeks with stiffness.
"Muscle pain in back and shoulders, difficulty breathing, numbness in hands, no appetite, blood in urine, flu symptoms - symptoms lasted up to 2-3 weeks after vaccine."
"Flu vaccine administered on 10/31/15 at 11:00PM. Employee developed hives over neck, chest and abdomen within 48 hours of administration. Called PCP and told to take BENADRYL."
Flu vaccine given 11/4/15 right arm 11/5/15 right neck became swollen and tender to touch. C/O headache.
"The patient is a 46 yo female professional emergency room registered nurse with a history of hypothyroidism and cosmetic breast implants in 1998 with revision in 2012, who required drainage of a seroma and removal of a left breast implant with symptoms onset temporarily associated with receipt of employer mandated IIV FLUARIX (lot # 7AJ5J) to her left deltoid. She states the vaccine was given at approximately 10 om on 23 Sept 2015. She states she experienced immediate pain during injection and felt that it was incorrect technique (needle placed against skin then pushed in rather than smooth motion) but appropriate placement in her deltoid. She states the pain is localized to the upper arm, sensitive to pressure and had a continuous ache of sufficient intensity to wake her from sleep. She states the shoulder was not affected and had normal range of motion. She states several days later she noted mild edema to her axilla and her left breast experienced intermittent sharp pains, but denies lymphadenopathy. On October 3 she noted a continuous ache on her left breast and it was slightly hard and erythematous. Within 12 hours she had severe pain and was seen in the emergency room at hospital. Ultrasound was normal and she was treated with KEFLEX and released. She had no fever chills malaise arthralgias or myalgias. She states she had no fever on arrival to ER, but self checked because she felt hot while she was there and registered a temperature of 101.7. In 24 hours she developed erythema on the outer aspect of her left breast and was again seen by her surgeon and received IM ROCEPHIN and prescription for SEPTRA and AUGMENTIN. She was scheduled for surgical exploration and possible I and D on Thursday, October 8. On Tuesday, October 6 she woke with 'angioedema' described as edema to her upper lip and puffiness to her chin and mild pruritus to her lower extremities. She denies urticarial lesions, oral lesions, throat edema, conjunctivitis, rhinorrhea, dyspnea. Wheezing, chest pain cough, nausea, or emesis. She stated had mild anxiety but attributes to concerns for her health. She felt generalized malaise. She was seen in ER and again ultrasound did not demonstrate abnormalities. On Wednesday, October 7 the surgery center performed I and D and reported she had a sterile seroma. The culture was negative,  and the implant was intact but they remove the implant anyway. She reports the surgeon stated he has seen seromas secondary to vaccine receipt."
The injection was too high on the deltoid muscle. The bursa fluid isn't meant to have a flu virus antigen mixed in with it. I may need an MRI to see if my rotator cuff is damaged and physical therapy. (SIRVA).
"This case, manufacturer control number 2015-0179629, received via Gilead, is a non-serious case of a patient who experienced: coughing and wheezing due to asthma, fever, chills and nausea."
Patient had swelling; red patch and possible infection. MD gave her antibiotics.
"Local reaction - arm swollen at inj. site, vomiting, fever, achy, neck soreness."
"Severe shingles outbreak on lower abdomen/low back (one of the worst cases provider has ever seen) started with severe back pain resulting in ER visit, then progressed to shingles rash 3-4 days later."
"Swelling on arm, warm feeling, fever, itch."
"Pt. reports swollen, tender arm at injection site x 4 days."
Gave expired vaccine (4/15) (no effects).
"Injection site reaction - redness, warmth, and itchiness widespread over upper arm around injection site."
"Flu shot administered 10/17/15 at 3PM. By 11 PM chills, fever (100.1) general weakness were experienced. Weakness lasted five days along with pain in left arm. Arm extremely sore and felt very heavy."
"Pain at site of injection, shoulder area, lower arm area. Rash at site of injection; outer arm, inner arm, at wrist, inside of left thumb. Injection was on the left arm. I went to the pharmacy where I received the Flu vaccine on 11/2/15. I reported to the pharmacist about the pain (sometimes extreme) and showed her the rash. She, I was told, reported it to the manufacturer. I was told to take Ibuprofen for the pain and BENADRYL for the rash, as directed. My only concern at this time is for the pain and rash to go away and not have any adverse effect on my health."
"States received flu vaccine around 10 AM and approx 3 hours later (1:00 pm) developed flushing, hot feeling to neck. Went to ED for evaluation: noted flushing to upper chest and under neck. (L) upper arm erythema approx 4-5 cm diameter. No wheals or other rash. Denies prior h/o allergy or reaction to flu shot or eggs."
"I have had four (4) flu shots over the last 35 plus years with three (3) different doctors. Dr who retired Sept. 1994, from family practice was my doctor for 30 years. He passed away recently. He gave me my first two shots, both times I came down almost immediately with the flu. These shots were given years apart because when I came down with the flu the first time, I was hesitant to get another shot. He said it was just a coincidence until I got the flu again. Another Dr moved into his offices. He was my doctor from Sept. 1994 to March 2000, he gave a shot between those years and again I got the flu. Yet another Dr has been my doctor since Jan. 2014. I had no medical coverage between the two. He gave me the flu shot Sept. 16, 2015. He was told about the first three (3) shots. This was the first time I have received an information sheet. I did have flu symptoms, but not full blown flu. I also got a severe rash/infection at my surgical site for my left hip replacement scar. This procedure was performed July 2014, also sustained severe swelling and hardness of my testicles similar to that of a regulation size soft ball and a rash on my buttocks. I do have a small case of herpes that doesn't affect my testicles or my entire buttock region. I had to take two antibiotics for three weeks to clear these conditions. As it stands now, I know I cannot or will not take any flu shots in the future. Apparently, I am one of a few people who should not receive these shots."
"Aches, malaise, chills, syncope, dizziness, urinary incontinence."
"""I also received a flu shot and the pain has not gone away.  Although I thought it was just me & old age, it turns out others have the same symptoms.  Someone mentioned info about an incident report.""""  """"I wish I wouldÆve taken a picture but had a bruise was on my arm for 2 weeks."""""""""
"On evening of 11/05 patient noticed her right jaw cramping.  It continued to cramp intermittently while eating.  Significant swelling approximetly 1 inch out beginning at front of right ear to middle of her cheek.  Swollen area was inflamed with heat.  By am 11/06 swelling had gone done to normal, jaw with no discomfort on eating.  Swelling on same side as Prevnar 13 vaccine.  Patient feels the vaccine caused the reaction."
"At site of injection, it swelled up ALOT and became very itchy and warm to the touch."
Developed pain in her right shoulder and swelling and redness at the injection site. Treated with ABX by her PCP. Still having pain in the right shoulder and now in the right elbow.
"Patient woke up with arm soreness and a swollen hand.  He states that hand is swollen difficult to close.  Right hand, same arm as Afluria administered previous day."
PATIENT HAD NO REACTION RIGHT AFTER VACCINE WAS ADMINISTERED AND ROUGHLY 20 MINUTES LATER HAD FLUSHING SHAKINESS AND FELT LIKE MAYBE SHE WOULD PASS OUT BECAUSE OF THE UNEASY FEELING - EMS CAME AND TOOK HER TO HOSPITAL BUT DOCTOR WAS NOT SURE WHY SHE HAD REACTION -- NO ALLERGIES TO MEDICATIONS.
Bruise upon injection almost - no tx redness below injection site - mild vasculitis - patient will continue to watch area.
"Got flu shot on Tuesday 11/3/15. Area around the injection site is warm, sore, and itches. Instructed to take Tylenol and use warm compress."
"Developed a reddened knot approx. 5 cm in diameter at injection site. This was warm / painful to touch. Some bruising noted. Also nausea and headache present. Symptoms resolved by Monday (10/12/15). Benadryl gel was applied to the site as needed, no other treatment was required."
"Large local wheal and flare reaction at injection site (Flu vaccine). Baseball size. Tx with 0.1% Triamcinolone cream, Ibuprofen PRN and Sx RE cool compresses."
"Received the flu shot on Friday 10/16/15. Woke up Saturday morning 10/17/15 with numbness all around her mouth (teeth and tongue) and nose. Numbness then spread to her arms during the day 10/17. On call center directed her to ER for eval. Rule out stroke, Lymes and blood sugar levels. Numbness continued on the weekend. Saw neurologist on Tues 10/20. Eval done but no diagnostic testing. Numbness continued until 10/23/15. No loss of ROM or muscle strength; just numbness."
Erythema at injection site (4 x 5 cm) nontender. Full function of (L) arm. Given Rx for BENADRYL 25 mg QHS.
"C/O pain 3/10 achy to sharp increases with movement, no radiation (L) deltoid after vaccine placed on 10/21/15 at 11:10 am. Pain from 10/21 - 10/25 and then 11/1/15 to present. No redness, swelling at injection site."
"Developed localized reaction at injection site 55 cm in diameter. Red, hot and tender to touch."
Flu vaccine 10/21/15. Red/swelling at site 3 days after. Pain LD x 2 wks. Examined by Dr 11/6/15 diagnosis: bursitis (L) arm secondary to flu vaccine. MEDROL DP ordered.
"Maculopapular rash on (L) thigh about 4"""" x 4"""" around injection site, itch, NT, no fever. Tx w/ BENADRYL, cetirizine."""""
"Shoulder pain and limited range of shoulder movement. Has been taking Ibuprofen 600 mg, twice daily and Gabapentin 100mg at bedtime. Advised to check with her doctors."
"Flu vaccine administered on 11/4/15. Reported a reddened knot to the injection site, approx. 9 cm in diameter warm / painful to touch on 11/5/15. Also was reporting headache and nausea. Was seen at Occupational Health on 11/5 and instructed to apply ice and use Ibuprofen and Benadryl as needed. The nausea / headache have improved as of 11/6/15, still has some soreness to the injection site."
"Low fever, red spot about the size of a nickel that's raised and hot at injection site, arm pain that's keeps waking me up the last two nights.  Arm is still hot on 11/06/2015.  Asthmatic cough has kicked in & seemed to be timed with the low fever."
Onset of hives within a couple hours after vaccine was administered. Patient started Benadryl.
PATIENT REPORTED AN ITCHY SORE ON HER RIGHT ARM THAT APPEARED TO BE IRRITATED. PATIENT REPORTED SCRATCHING THE SORE WHICH RESULTED IN AN OPEN WOUND.
"Vertigo when I woke up, followed by viloent vomiting 3 hours later. Vertigo continues 8.5 hours later."
My daughter was given the vaccine prior to being 6 months which is against the CDC dosing.
Generalized seizure.
Arm swelling above and elbow and pain.
"Extreme body ache, lethargic, headache, loss of appetite, nausea looking at food.   Felt like a bus hit me. Lasted 7 days.  In bed for a week."
After the Anthrax injection my right shoulder was very sore for several days on the October 10 I ended up in the emergency room since I could move my arm.  I was diagnose with frozen shoulder.  I was given several medications for the pain and a steroid injection.  I'm currently doing physical therapy.
"Warmth at injection site, muscle soreness, swelling of arm, general body aches. Patient woke day after injection with symptoms had been self treating but upon seeing the Dr for another reason was told that reporting was necessary so called the pharmacy. Pt has used ice but upon seeing dr has been recommended to use heat."
"Daughter woke me up at 4:45AM and said that her upper lip felt funny. In my sleep state I thought she said her lip was bloody. I told her to put some vasaline on it and go back to bed. When I went to her room at 6:45 to get her up from school, she was up and her upper lip was swollen 2-3 times its normal size. She said it was also tingling. I immediately gave her some ice to put on it and a Benadryl. I called the doctor's answering service, a nurse called me back, and then she put it through to the doctor on call. She took Benadryl throughout the day and by the evening, her upper lip was 90% better. She is claiming her lip is still a little tingly(?)today."
"The shot was probably the most painful shot that I ever had. The point of injection became quite itchy.  I had a large red mark - almost like a welt but not quite - which lasted several days.  It remained slightly discolored until yesterday.   The itchiness was most irritating for 4 days, but in reality the most itchiness lasted for a week.  It even now still itches occasionally - after almost 2 weeks."
"Unknown exact time of onset.  Client came back in to the health department after she had been up to get her hair done.  Her arm was quite swollen and warm to touch.  She had good pulses and good sensation, but it did hurt due to the swelling.  Encouraged ice packs off and on for the next day or so.  To take Benadryl as recomended. And to have someone drive for her and maybe stay with her while she was taking the Benadryl.   She did the recommendations and on 10/22/2015 she was much better."
RADIATING PAIN FROM ARM DOWN TO FINGERTIPS.
Infection at site of flu vaccination.
"After receiving the vaccine, patient reported swelling 2 hours at the injection site and also a papular and petechial rash on both upper arms (bicep) area. Confluent red rash just below the neck posterior and anterior upper torso.  Rash was still evident and border of Band-Aid still visible along with a more defined circular rash in the area where injection was placed.  Patient only took naproxen for muscle pain (has a history of weight lifting as well) and reported to same day clinic on 11/6/2015."
"Patient reported this to pharmacist (vaccine administer) on 11/6/15 at approx. 3:42pm. The day after receiving his vaccine, he had to go to the urgent care because he could not move his arm. He stated the problems (pain and movement issues) radiated to the shoulder. Doctor treated him with steroids. He currently still has problems with the arm and is seeking physical therapy."
PATIENT STATED HER MS WAS WORSE THAN USUAL.
"After vaccine, sore arm, fever and aches for 2 days. Muscle/bone/joint pain for over a week. Sore arm presently one week later. Developed mild palpitations several days after vaccine. Palps became more severe on 11/5. No prior history of cardiac problems. Currently under cardiologist care for this issue."
"Pt states his arm has been sore since the shot was given on 9/21/15 but as of 11/05/2015 pt states """"It really hurts"""" and he has a hard time lifting it."""""
"Vaccine was accidentally administered incorrectly, subcutaneously rather than intramuscularly. Resulted in immediate stinging pain, burning pain, 5 inch diameter rash at injection site, bruise-like feeling, hot and tender to the touch. Itchiness increased on day two. Bruise-like pain continued for three days. Redness and swelling dissipated after three days, although still visible where injection was located. MD recommended ice and ibuprofen for swelling. This patient declined- pain and swelling tolerable to not warrant ice or ibuprofen in this writer/patient's opinion. MD stated at maximal healing on 11/05/2015."
Received shot in left arm. Persistent muscle pain and weakness at injection site.
"Patient experienced significant abdominal pains, tremor/shaking, tingling of injection arm that radiated accross shoulders to opposite arm causing temporary loss of control of the opposite arm."
PT SAID HER LEFT AXILLARY LYMPHNODES SWELLED UP TO AN EGG-SIZE. PT ALSO EXPERIENCED WEAKNESS GOING DOWN THE INSIDE OF HER ARMPIT DOWN TO HER WRIST.
Weak and painful arm where administered..as of this date have swollen left neck gland.
"Sinus congestion, nasal drip causing persistent coughing.  Took aspirin and cough medicine, better after 2 hrs. But then fever started, approx. 101 deg, lasted all night until morning, somewhat better with fever aids.  Slight fever and achiness for next day. I would consider this a severe reaction given I have not had anything like this from flu shot before."
Pain in left shoulder with burning sensation which then turned into muscle pain in right arm as well and right leg muscle pain feels like I can't lift arms up pain is aleviated by high doses of nsaids when my leg started it first felt like a band was on my leg too tight no pain that changed to muscle pain behind leg I have had shots in the past with no problem I went to occupational health they suggested I go to MD which I did when I felt sensation in leg they have done bloodwork on 11/5/15 I am waiting for results in the meantime I am to continue nsaids and ice and heating pads it always is worse upon waking they feel that it could be preservative reaction I don't know or care at this point I just want muscle pain gone the lot number for shot UI482AB experience 30Jun16.
"Rigors, Myalgias, Headache, and Dizziness."
Got a flu vaccine and a pneumonia vaccine in same arm at request of patient. Patient began to get soreness and itching. Went to ER and got antibiotic and pain pill.
Member was given additional influenza vaccination today. Member was given initial influenza vaccination on 11 July 2015. Member was supposed to get an IPPD today but received additional influenza shot. No adverse reaction noted. Physician on-call notified. Patient was made aware.
"Difficult breathing, red face, tingling on my face moved through my body, weak feeling."
Pt states she experienced nerve pain radiating up her left side from where the shot was given. Experienced chills and fever the night of. Woke up the next morning and symptoms had resolved.
Syncope/Fainting after vaccine administration...also watched parents get vaccinated and said that it freaked her out.  Quickly recovered and feeling fine with normal blood pressure/respiratory rate just minutes after syncopal episode.  Patient remained sitting for 10 minutes for monitoring then had her walk around store to make sure no more syncope episodes before going home with parents.
"2pm, very tired.  4pm, sick in stomach, dizzy and very weak.  The rest of that night and the next day just sick all over feeling, like flu but know you cant get flu from the flu vaccine.  No fever, in fact low temp.  Felt very hot at times though.  This is the third time in 8 years this has happened to me after the flu shot. Eight years ago same symptoms as above but also green mucus coming out of eyes.  Did go to ER that time.  They said it had nothing to do with the vaccine.  Was perfectly fine all three times before the flu vaccine."
"Vaccine was the FLUZONE high dose vaccine for seniors. Weakness & body aches followed by sore muscles & joints. Coughing & sore throat for 3 hours. Had to sleep for 10 hours with doses of nsaids & acetominophen. Unable to stay awake during the day for 3 days, sleeping & bed rest for 12-14 hours/day. Unable to resume normal activities until 5th day, Nov. 2nd. Had to consume max doses of OTC pain medication through 5th day. I have had annual flu vaccination for many years, starting in the the 1960s. Never had more than minor discomfort resulting from standard dose vaccine."
"Patient reported dizziness directly after receiving the shot, then describes an intense headache forming that has continued on and off for over a week including intermittent diarrhea."
2 red spots appeared in left eye the evening the immunization was administered. By the next morning the entire eye was red. There was no pain and no loss of vision. Appears to be ocular hyperemia.
"Fever (101), Hoarseness, Sore throat, Chest cough with heavy yellow phlegm, Post nasal drip, sinus headache, achy (including lower back ache), red cheeks, runny red eyes, after several days a feeling of nausea, but not vomiting."
Soreness in arm at injection site. Initial shot was very painful. Took pain meds.
"Left Ear Lobe swelling, temperature 103. Went to ER at 6:30p.m. given Benadryl.  11/03/15 swelling below ear, forehead, temperature 103, went to ER again, prescribed prescription Benadryl, antibiotic and ibuprofen.  11/04/15, swelling now into eyelids and left ear, temperature 94.3, went to ER and Dr. determined swelling caused from flu shot - continue taking antibiotic and prescription Benadryl.  11/05/15, swelling now below right eye on cheek."
"Hot Flashes, Dizziness and Nausea, Tremor and Headache."
"MUSCLE PAIN, JOINT PAIN, FATIGUE, DIARRHEA SEVERE INFLAMATION IN BOWELS. THESE SYMPTOMS HAVE CONTINUED NOW FOR 10 DAYS AND COUNTING."
Strange sensation on side of nose and itching on tip of nose.  Developed a rash which was worse each day.  Saw dermatologist Nov 6th and was diagnosed with shingles.
"PATIENT STATED THAT HER RIGHT ARM WAS IN SEVERE PAIN AND NUMB EVER SINCE HER FLU SHOT, REPORTED NUMBNESS THAT EXTENDED TO THE TORSO AND INTO THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE NECK. SHE DECLINED THE RECOMMENDATION TO SEE A CAREGIVER."
Muscle pain at site of injection - continuing to today 11/8/2015. Extreme fatigue continuing to today - 11/8/2015. Full blood test panel showed no irregularities.
"Child sat in dad's lap, was visibly scared and crying, cleaned his arm, gave him the shot... as the needle came out of his arm he closed his eyes, his head tilted back and he trembled- almost seizure like- for not more than 5 seconds, opened his eyes and was fine- got off of his dad's lap and had urinated on his dad's pants- parents said he had never had any reaction with any vaccination he had ever had in the past including flu shot- called dad later and said child was fine and though he possibly was holding his breath because he was so scared and that may have caused the reaction... also said his son asked him if he had 'fallen asleep' when he got his shot... suggested they follow up with his pediatrician on Monday."
Very painful rash.  MD visit 10/30/2015 with diagnosis on shingles. Valtrex for 7 days.
"Patient stated that she was having muscle aches and soreness on both shoulders and her neck.  She then called me again 11/8/15 to say that she was still sore in her neck, but that she was improving.  She isn't sure if she slept wrong or hurt herself in another way."
"Started with a headache, fatigue, body aches, then after one week of these symptoms sore throat, then after a few days tight lungs with cough, fever, body aches, lasted 3 full weeks."
"Several hours after administration of Afluria injectable vaccine, pt had complaints of LUE pain that radiated from arm to neck, rated as a 9/10. Pt was taken to a local ED for evaluation."
Pain in left arm at site of injection and down left side.  Painful to move or raise arm.  Pain persists for four days with no indication of lessening.
Started by feeling very tired on evening of 11/05/2015. Next day had extreme chills and so tired couldn't get out of bed. Slept for 36 hours straight. Chills all day on 11/06/2015. Woke up on 11/07/2015 feeling somewhat better but still slept. Noticed rash on arm on 11/08/2015. Probably there all along but didn't notice. Rash around injection site and running down arm to elbow. No fever at any time.
"10min after Fluzone she started with cough, went into respiratory distress shortly, ped called.  911 called and taken to ER.  I gave Benadryl, albuterol neb given in ambulance, PO steroids in ER. Also with mild hives and facial swelling in ER."
Arm and shoulder pain and restriction of movement. Ongoing. Doctor visit on 11/5/2015 Prescribed pain medication.
"Approximately 2 hrs after injection, I started coughing a lot, then a few hrs later my head started filling up, nose running and sneezing, then headache, and stuffiness, aches also.  It was like the flu or a cold squeezed from a week to all in one day.  I took ADVIL PM and went to bed.  Next morning I was fine."
Pain in left shoulder. Range of motion limited. Constant ache.
"Fatigue, sore throat, congestion, pain, nausea, dizziness, hot and cold,  chills, and sneezing for 36 hours."
Sore arm. Soreness up into my neck and general shoulder area. Achy all over. No desire to get up and do anything. Still having trouble with soreness in arm. Hard to raise that arm above head.
"Patient reported a the site of injection pain with round, flat, slightly elevated, reddish area approximately 7 inches in diameter and warm to the touch.  No visible signs of puss or oozing."
"FEVER, CHILLS, RASH, WENT TO EMERGENCY ROOMS. WHEN ER DR FOUND OUT BOTH FLU AND PNEUMONIA HAD BEEN ADMINISTERED IN THE SAME ARM AT THE SAME TIME ON THE SAME DAY HE WAS UPSET AND SAID IT SHOULD NOT HAVE HAPPENED."
Rash and swelling over large portion of mid arm and elbow area. Pt came back to pharmacy today (11/8/15) to show me her arm. She said it was getting better bit it was still red and swollen. She said it had also felt itchy.
"Began with pain at injection site when I went to bed; difficulty sleeping; awoke 10/08 and noticed redness around the injection site. Felt ill all day; redness appeared to get worse during the day and pain was almost intolerable. Three days later I felt better, but then the 4th day, the pain, redness and discomfort continued with feeling ill.  Reported to doctor and was told problem is typical with pneumonia shot.  I also received a flu shot the same day as pneumonia shot but that arm had no reaction.  Today is Nov. 8th and I still have lump at injection site of pneumonia shot."
"Severe joint pain and low grade temp of 99.1F, took Motrin and Tylenol for over 24 hr time period as well. Letheragic for over 24hr time period, no illness prior to taking vaccine."
"Vaccine given too high up on left arm at shoulder joint. Intense pain in shoulder and arm. Shoulder and arm warm to the touch, low grade fever, heaviness feeling in arm. Still having pain 6 weeks later."
"Morning of injection - itching; Evening of injection - swelling, redness, itching, palpable mass in deltoid about the size of a silver dollar; arm goes to sleep easily and hand pain exists.  Is still that way, although redness has faded somewhat."
"-Redness, itching, swelling at injection site. -Arm remained red and swollen and migrated (hives) toward elbow. -Symptoms resolved on 11/5/15."
"Pt came to pharmacy on 11/6/15 saying that his left arm has hurt, felt weak, and painful all down his arm since his shot on 9/21/15. He also stated his right arm has also stated hurting. He went to the ER and received treatment."
"Cellulitis of (R) upper arm. Red, hot to the touch with a lump."
Syncope 30 min after vaccine visit. 911 called - patient taken to E.D. Negative work-up so far. Cardiologist and Neurologist visits pending.
"Reported about 4 hours after injection, experienced weakness, headache, difficulty breathing but not life-threatening, fever, soreness  all over on 11/2 evening. On 11/3, breathing, body temp and body pain improved 11/6/15 - alot better will follow up with MD Mon."
1 wk following administration of HD FLUZONE and PREVNAR pt developed sore and redness at site of PREVNAR.
"Raised red rash, warm to touch txt: cold compress and acetaminophen."
Red raised area approx 3+ inch in diameter. Warm to touch.
Black and blue mark that was pulsating; not pulsating now.
"Patient awoke extremely dizzy, nauseated, throwing up; got some relief with cold cloth to forehead; symptoms would worsen when she tried to move; she is resting now, asleep since about 8:15 AM.  She is too ill to go into work today.  She felt well when she got the flu shot yesterday, which was the 4-in-1 shot."
Injection site reaction per patient he had redness initially and then it developed into a scab. He cleaned it with alcohol and scab went away after 10 days.
"Starting within hours after getting shot with jaw and facial achiness, then the next day swollen, painful lymph gland on right side back of neck, then next day golf ball size swollen, painful lymph gland right armpit, was instructed to go to urgent care by physician I work with.  Also had general achiness with pain in hands/wrists, then a week later noticed facial flushing and low grade temp 99.2.  Follow-up appointment with MD on 11/3/15 who advised it could take up to 6 weeks for lymph node to fully resolve and also advised before ever getting another flu shot to have allergy testing.  I am an RN and have gotten the flu shot for many years and never had a reaction before this."
Patient received flu vaccine (FLUVIRIN) Lot 158202 Novartis in right upper arm on 10/23/15 complains of arm soreness 11/6/15.
Patient received flu shot (FLUVIRIN) Novartis on 10/23/15 at flu clinic at work in upper right arm. Patient complains of arm pain. Patient received MRI from physician.
Swollen arm and hot to touch.
None stated.
Erythematous papules at location of vaccine administration. No treatment.
"Redness, itching arms, chest, legs. Hot to touch."
Patient has a swollen and bruised injection site. Site got the FLUZONE HD on 11-02-2015. Patient came with complaint on 11-5-2015.
"Pt with mild headache, mild nausea, no vomiting, feeling tired since flu shot 2 days ago. Treatment is reassurance, symptomatic treatment of note, pt just finished an antibiotic last wk for unknown issue."
"Patient received RECOMBIVAX and FLUVIRIN in right arm and VAQTA 50m/mL and PNEUMOVAX 23 in left arm in deltoid region given IM about 1"""" or greater apart. He was told to expect injection site soreness post immunization. He complains of pain/inflammation below injection site on left arm near elbow. Pharmacist advised BENADRYL and ibuprofen for symptom relief and notified patient PCP. Also advised patient to seek ER treatment if worsens."""""
Pt. had a white colored area around injection site (right arm). Also accompanied by itching and extreme redness on arm surrounding white patch of skin.
"This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a company representative refers to a 15 year old male patient. The patient's medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. On 26-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with one shot of GARDASIL in the arm, lot # K010215, expiration date May 2017 (frequency and route were not reported). Concomitant therapies included one shot of influenza virus vaccine (Manufacturer unknown) in the other arm at the same time. On the same date, on 26-OCT-2015, the patient passed out after getting the GARDASIL shot. The outcome of syncope was reported as recovered on 26-OCT-2015. The relatedness between syncope and GARDASIL was not provided. Additional information is not expected as the reporter did not allow to be contacted."
"(L) upper arm - site where vaccine given - swollen, hard to the touch, red, and sore. Temp 100.1."
"Pain, swelling, difficulty raising arm."
"AFTER THE VACCINES (GIVEN 10/28/15), THERE WAS NO LOCAL OR ANAPHYLACTIC RXN.  ON 10/31/15, THE PATIENT'S LEFT ARM WAS RED AT THE SITES OF INJECTION AND HE SAID IT WAS PAINFUL TO THE TOUCH.  HE SAID WITHIN THE FIRST 24 HOURS AFTER THE SHOTS HE HAD A FEVER AND WAS SHIVERING.  ON OUR 10/31/2015 VISIT, I TOLD THE PATIENT THAT IF THE REDNESS AND PAIN IN HIS LEFT ARM DID NOT GET BETTER OR GOT WORSE IN THE NEXT COUPLE DAYS THAT HE SHOULD GO TO HIS DOCTOR. I GAVE THE PATIENT A COPY OF HIS VACCINE QUESTIONAIRE WITH RECORD OF THE VACCINES ADMINISTERED IN CASE HE NEEDED TO SEE A DR. ON 11/05/2015, HIS WIFE REPORTED THAT HIS ARM WAS STILL RED AND SORE AT THE IMMUNIZATION SITES.  WHEN I ASKED HIS WIFE IF HE HAD SEEN A DR, SHE SAID HE HAD NOT AND SAID THAT HIS LEFT ARM WAS IMPROVING."
"Several hours after vaccine administration, patient's arm begin to hurt and continued the next day as well it got better, but 2 days later the pain returned and has been getting worse there is no redness, swelling or hardness at the injection site, no fever or chills to report. It hurts to raise his arm, but the pain does get better after taking an ALEVE the patient is concerned that the pain has been present for 2 weeks now."
Mom reported the following morning after immunizations child had oral temp of 102 with redness and swelling in LUA. Seen in office on 10/4/15 when mild swelling and redness was noted and marked. Child had minimal discomfort. Mom will give MOTRIN.
"Patient states she has a raised red hard area 3""""x3"""" on her upper left arm where the ZOSTAVAX was given. It stayed that way for 3 days. Today s he states it is not as hard or as large."""""
High fever 104 degrees. Severe arm/back pain. 48 hours of lethargy/malaise.
Rash entire body fingers swollen both hands per patient.
Patient had tingling sensations all over the body. Also pain in the back of her head. Per patient's family members she passed out for about 5 seconds. EMS was called and patient's vital signs were all ok. Patient refused to go to hospital with EMS.
"Patient received flu shot 10/10/15. She called the pharmacy 10/27/15 and stated that her arm is still hurting, she can barely move her arm and the shot was given up high on the arm, near the shoulder area. Her arm did not hurt before the shot. She has not been to the doctor and has never had a previous similar issue with vaccinations."
"Pain, soreness at injection site, 2 weeks post vaccination."
"Stiff neck, headache, fever, night sweats."
"Received shot 13 days ago. Still experiencing shoulder muscle pain. Talked to doctor, they suggested Ibuprofen and warm compress. Family physician at facility."
Patient received a Flu shot FLUZONE HD and a PREVNAR-13 shot on 10-25-15. Both shots were administered in the left arm due to physical therapy/soreness in the right arm. Patient has had no reaction in the past to Flu shots. She stated that when she awoke today (10/31/15) her arm was bright red and very itchy. She came to the pharmacy to show me and she had a large erythematous area where the shots were given about 5 inches by 2.5 inches oval with warmth. Advised BENADRYL at bedtime.
"Confusion, lethargy, inability to walk (severe weakness bilaterally), low grade fever 98.8 (normal is 97.0), slurred speech. All symptoms resolved within 24 hours without treatment."
Got Flu shot 5 days ago. Now have cellulitis vs reaction. Localized skin reaction w/sloughing pain. Seen 10/15: reaction is resolving.
Pt. reported severe bruising and pain after immunization.
(L) deltoid area swollen with erythema 3 cm x 3 cm patch with warmth.
"Wife told pharmacy on 10/29/15 that husband had a reaction as conveyed by tech to me. I tried to directly receive a statement on 10/30 when I was notified, but the patient did not answer the phone."
"Fast heartbeat; Nausea; Felt faint. Rash at injection site and on chest, back, arms on 10/28/15."
None.
"Approx 7 P - chills, shivers, pain in muscles, walking difficult. Extreme dizziness, nausea, vomiting, very weak. Fell injuring (L) arm (bruising) dizziness continued all day. 10-18 AM - 10-19 slight dizziness. Stayed in bed most of day."
"10/27/15 FLUVIRIN MDV deltoid IM. 10/28/15 Elbow hurts when straightens arm, stretches fingers. PCP: NSAIDs and follow up in 3 days if not improved."
Next day - overwhelming fatigue. 2nd day - full body hives and chills and fever.
"Mild itching at Flushot site; swelling in lips, went to physician, given steroid and antihistamines. Now symptoms are gone."
"Shoulder pain began soon after injection, persisting. Emailed correspond with personal physician 10/11, 10/12, 10/19,10/21, 10/26, 10/27, 10/28, 10/29. X Ray 10/28. Orthopedic exam 11/03 diagnosed as bursitis. Pain continuing. Physical therapy commencing next week."
Patient is (still as of 11/9/15) having severe pain in her left side.  This pain radiates from her neck to her arm.  Pain relievers do not help. Ice is the only thing that reduces the pain.  Seems to be a muscle problem.
Hives all over body including some that formed raised welts or blisters.  Treated with topical steroids.
"Severe pain in arm, decreased ROM, occurring immediately after receiving the injection."
"I received flu shot unusually high on left shoulder, after injection my arm was """"heavy"""" feeling. The next week to 10 days very sore with limited use of arm. Went to Dr., then again 4 wks later because couldn't use arm, pain, limited motion, trouble dressing and sleeping from pain."""""
"Injection site black bruise 1 1/2"""" x 1 1/2"""" upper Rt arm. Still obvious 10 days later. Shot given 10/26/15. By 28th I had chills, headache, mild fever (1 degree) difficulty swallowing, coughing, sneezing, running nose. Today - 5 Nov. I still sniffling and coughing up phlegm."""""
"Patient went to provider with swelling and pain in her shoulder, and flu-like symptoms. Provider diagnosed her with bursitis."
Severe painful movements in my stump - Had to pack it in ice for (3) three days.
"Large bruise at injection site, red inflamed spot progressing down arm toward elbow hot to touch - dx cellulitis by MD pt reports starting day after in came to pharm. clindamycin 150 every 8 hours for 7 days after."
"This case was reported by a other health professional via call center representative and described the occurrence of fever in a 15-month-old female patient who received KINRIX (batch number T325H, expiry date 17th FEBRUARY 2017). Concomitant products included influenza vaccine, measles, mumps rubella and VARIVAX. On 29th OCTOBER 2015, the patient received the 1st dose of KINRIX (intramuscular) .5 ml. On 30th OCTOBER 2014, 1 days after receiving KINRIX, the patient experienced fever. On an unknown date, the patient experienced inappropriate age at vaccine administration. The patient was treated with Ibuprofen. On an unknown date, the outcome of the fever and inappropriate age at vaccine administration were unknown. It was unknown if the reporter considered the fever to be related to KINRIX. Additional details provided were as follows: The case was previously reported to a doctor. Prior receiving the vaccine, the patient's body temperature was 37.6 degree C. On 29th OCTOBER 2015, the patient received the 1st dose of KINRIX. After further investigation, the nurse notified that, the patient in advertently received the vaccine at an age of 15 months. This led up to an inappropriate age of vaccination. On the same day, the patient also concomitantly received other non-GSK vaccines, which included MMR, Flu and VARIVAX vaccines. On 30th OCTOBER 2015, 1 day after vaccination, the parent of child called the office and reported that the patent's body temperature was 99 to 100 degree F (37.2 to 37.8 degree F). The doctor told the patient's father to give the patient Ibuprofen. The reported lot number (T385H) for KINRIX vaccine did not exist and was updated to T325H according to sales database."
Right arm with large area 7 cm x 12 cm redness and tender to touch.
None stated.
Injected (R) arm -> developed inability to move arm/very decreased ROM -> seen ive our clinic -> placed on MEDROl -> to follow up.
"Left upper arm cellulitis as evidence by redness, warmth, tenderness at injection site. Treated with KEFLEX 500 mg 4x/day x 7 days and also IV ROCEPHIN 2 gm x 1 dose."
"Local reaction, redness, heat, pain, at 24 hours in area of vaccination. Spoke with his PCP, gave PO BENADRYL, cool compress."
"Red eyes, shortness of breath, dry mouth, swollen throat, shaking hands, blurred vision."
"Terrible headache, insomnia, chills, aches, pains all over body, flu-like symptoms, went on for five days."
Pt stated she had fevers/chills and redness/swelling around the injection site as well as localized itching on right arm.
Patients mother states that she has big circle on arm and underneath. Dr said it was blood poisoning.
"Started with numbness around the mouth, chin, and cheeks area. Within 1 hour I started to have tingling, pins and needles in my fingers and toes. I felt overall very tired and weak. Within 12 hours I had extreme pain with stiffness in the lower back area, including the muscles along my spine. The next day I returned to the clinic and they sent me directly to ER. I was evaluated by a neurologist and prescribed pain medicine. Today, 5 days post vaccination he numbness and tingling sensations are 70% gone, but my back pain and stiffness is only 10% lower."
"3:30 Headache, dizziness, 5:00 chills, 5:30 body aches, 6:30 overall malaise, 9:00 PM. I took Tylenol around 1:00 PM because I was feeling headache and body aches. Took Tylenol again at 6:00 PM and every 6 hours after that through 11/8/2015."
"Numbness in hands, shoulders and neck. PCP diagnosed it as Brachial Plexus Neuropathy."
Sore arm felt shot was given too high on arm pain lasting re check 11/9/15 arm still sore and pain in elbow and arm feels tight no redness swelling or drainage.
"Left arm soreness; significant aching, raised welt at site of vaccination to half way down the upper arm; headache and fatigue."
Arm started swelling..applied ice pack. Took BENADRYL and TYLENOL but did not notice sx alleviation.
"Flu shot given 11-3-15, called 11/7/15 and said he was sore and his throat was sore and swollen. Took BENADRYL."
Fever x2d. Rash x 5d beginning 3 days after vaccines.
Patient developed cellulitis in (L) arm and breast after receiving injection on 11/8/15.
"Left arm pain/swelling, inflamm, itching at elbow, difficulty sleeping arm noticeably swollen and warm to touch."
"Patient's husband called pharmacy and described redness, pain, and swelling that was spreading down the arm. I was not able to confirm visually, but I recommended they follow up with a physician visit since the reaction was of much concern."
"I was given the flu shot in two doses, one half on 10/5 and the other half on 10/9.  The first shot I had a sore arm and burning which I reported to the nurse when I came back for the second dose.  When I had the second dose, I began to experience burning under my nose and a woozy feeling at about the 15 minute mark after the shot was administered.  My blood pressure elevated and I felt like my heart was going to come out of my chest. I was in the doctors office when this happened as the PA had me stay after the shot.  The PA and nurse monitored my symptoms and when my blood pressured lowered I was able to leave the office.  After the adverse event at the office, I began to experience pain and burning in both arms and across my upper torso.  Those symptoms are still bothering me as of today.  The PA had me take Benadryl initially and then I changed to Allegra after e-mailing the doctor and getting his permission.  I am still on 2 Allegra a day.  I take one rapid release Tylenol in the morning and at night on the days when the burning and pain in my arms and torso is more bothersome.  On those days, I also have a raspy voice.  I also got cold symptoms a few days after the second injection."
"Pain and stiffness on right side of neck, back of head as of Monday 11/9/2015 - pain and stiffness still there."
"10/24/2015 excruciating pain left arm at injection site, high deltoid region. Also pain in shoulder blade and extending to armpit. Tenderness and sorness Left arm tingling and numbness extending into hand and fingers. Tingling and numbness subside after a minute or so. Cannot put any pressure on left hand, arm. Pain would not subside. Went to urgent care 10/24/2015 8:00 PM. Was seen by PA, told it was pinched nerve, given one injection of prednisone and one of Toprol. Told to take Aleve as needed, given Rx of 4mg Prednisone 2x daily for 5 days. Injections eased nerve pain SLIGHTLY, range of motion somewhat better. 10/31/2015 Bad pain still there but felt more in elbow than shoulder blade. Pain severe now still with numbness and tingling in left arm and extending into hand and fingers. Ice helping somewhat to dull the pain, Aleve not helping at all. Made appointment with primary care physician. Couldnt get in until Nov. 9. Nov. 9, went to see primary care physician. Explained symptoms. Rx 300 mg capsule Neurontin 1 at bedtime for nerve pain, and Diclofenac 75 mg 2xday for pain. I have never taken this much medicine in one months time for any reason. I am so discouraged. I am hoping that this pain will eventually go away!!!!!"
"On his arm in area of vaccination he said he felt burning pain, muscle spasms and weakness intermittent (about 20 times daily). Physician was consulted by myself and PT made visit to office (phone consult physician said may be temporary nerve irritation). Symptoms stopped 2 months later."
"Patient got extremely tired and can't seem to be up for more than 3 hours at a time. Also had severe leg pain (even with medication, pain scale at 8 (usually 2 on pain scale with pain med) 5 days later when patient reported these symptoms has occurred, patient said she was doing better but still very tired and leg pain has gone down."
"Hives beginning on buttocks and spreading to elbows during 11/07/2015.  Intense burning and itching at site.  Hives spread to forearms backs of thighs, knees, and calves on 11/08/2015.  On 11/09/2015 hives spread to wrists, neck, below left eye, behind ears, ankles, top of right foot, knuckles of both hands causing redness, swelling, and difficulty bending digits.  On 11/09/2015 saw my OB who recommended 50 mg of Benadryl at bedtime.  Benadryl has lessened the burning/itching sensation for several yore after being taken, but the swollen welts remain, and itching is never completely relieved and returns at full force a few hours after Benadryl is administered."
"Redness, pain, $ burning on bilateral palms of hands and soles of feet, fingers and toes; 10/25/15 @ 06:00 AM - palms hands and fingers skin started peeling; 11/1/2015 @ 06:00 AM - soles of feet and toes skin started peeling."
11/5/16 pt returned to pharmacy and reported a bruise as a result of the flu shot. Bruise was 2 inhces in diameter.
"Pt got flu vaccine Rt deltoid 10/19 numbness developed in rt arm x 9 days, got better but returned on 11/5. Forearm to fingers feels asleep. Fine motor control of thumb, index and middle fingers seems decreased. No pain at time of injection. No pain in arm.hand. Problems with counting holding utensils; No weakness."
"Patient felt sharp pain upon administration of shot, then had excessive soreness and bruising. Since pain wasn't improving she made appt. with MD who said shot must've been given in her tendon and now has tendonitis. He predicted she'd feel better in approximately seven days."
"3 hours after patient was given vaccine (after which she engaged in strenuous exercise via a dance class), she began to feel disoriented and faint. Her friends brought her to the ER where her temp was measured at 103 degrees F and her HR at 120 bpm."
"Right arm from elbow to shoulder became extremely swollen, hard, red, and tender to touch.  Patient was uable to move the arm without pain. As of 11/10/15, the arm is still swollen and painful but decreasing."
"Pain and blisters all up and down my left arm, the arm that received the vaccine. Painful nerve burning feeling all up and down my left arm. Surges of pain all up and down my left arm."
"Patient came home and slept for 3 hours at 1pm after receiving the vaccion. Around 11:30PM that night he spiked a 104.7 fever, difficulty Breathing, elevated heartbeat and shaking from being so cold. Refused to eat. Took him to the hospital and they checked his ears and said he may have the start of an ear infection so gave him antibiotics. Fever has not dropped since 11/07/2015. If symptoms do not go away today, he will be going to a hospital. He won't eat, just drinking plenty of fluids. Hes throwing up from the meds and is complaining that his hair, arms, legs and belly hurts."
"Patient received FLUVIRIN, PNEUMOVAX, and BOOSTRIX all on 11/4. She had never received a flu shot prior to this and was diagnosed with pertussis 18 months ago. Hours after the vaccination administration, she began to have chills, body aches, nausea, and overall poor feeling. She took Ibu and APAP q6h to help with symptoms and diphenhydramine at night. By 11/7 she was feeling better but was still feeling mild symptoms."
"Onset of fever (to 102 degrees), headache, sore throat, nausea, diarrhea < 12 hr after receiving TIV/Flu vaccine - EHOL?; Coincidental."
"Vaccine - Influenza, received on 11/05/15; pt developed pain in RUE. The next day she developed swelling in the underarm area of the RUE, associated with soreness."
Buring of eyes. Heart palpitations.
"Patient given Flu IZ preservative free and Zoster IZ, both in left upper arm. Arm became very swollen with ecchymosis extending to upper part of forearm. Not hot to touch, but firm and tender. Pt taking NSAIDs and NORCO."
"Hives, numbness & pain from toes to hips."
"Patient presented to clinic on 10/26/15 for an appointment with pcp complaining of redness on right upper extremity. Patient had an adverse reaction to pneumococcal immunization PCV13 administered on 10/19/15. Patient was evaluated by pcp on 10/26/15 and treated for cellulitis with Zpack, recommended cold pack on area, area of redness  marked; patient verbalized understanding of warning sxs."
"Pruritis, severe red """"blotchy"""" raised spots (hives?) covering right arm from injection site down to elbow, rhinitis, followed by COPD exacerbation on 10/9/15."""""
Syncopal episode with brief loss of consciousness. No treatment. Self Resolved.
Redness/swelling. Warm to touch.
Itching all over causing to have scabs because of it. Scratched head so much that I took most skin off.
"11/1/15 One hour after vaccination, pt. complained of a severe headache. 11/2/15 pt complained of having a fever 100.7 F; pt took TYLENOL after speaking with the pharmacist, 11/3/15 pt felt a little better. No headache or fever. 11/4/15 pt noticed that the injection site on the left arm was swollen and warm. Red area was 2 1/2 inch in diameter when she showed it the pharmacist. Pharmacist told her to see the doctor. She went to urgent care-which referred pt to hospital emergency room. Er said that pt has cellulitis and gave the patient cephalexin 500 TID x 7 days. 11/9/15 pharmacist called pt to check up w/pt. Pt is feeling better and arm is darker at the site of injection not red. Pt has an appt w/MD on Thurs. 11/1/15 per pt."
See enclosed note.
"Fever, sore arm, headache, nausea, vomiting."
"Flu vaccine administered 11/2/15 at 1600 by 1800 right arm and nad hand swelling, pain, decrease movement. On 11/09/15 patient was seen in Occupational Health. Patient received flu vaccine on 11/02/15 in Occupational Health at approximately 1600. She reports that about 1.5 hours after the vaccination (approximately 1800) she experienced pain, swelling, and decreased mobility due to swelling in right arm and hand requiring her to leave work. She took ibuprofen 800 mg and an undisclosed antihistamine when she arrived home. After 4 hours there was no relief and she took and additional ibuprofen 600 mg. She was unable to report to work on 11/03/15 and called in for absence. She repeated the ibuprofen 800 mg with undisclosed antihistamine in the A.M., then later repeated the ibuprofen 600 mg without relief of symptoms. On 11/04/15 she had decrease pain and swelling and was able to return to work but by afternoon was having return of symptoms. On 11/05/15 she was seen in ER. She was given IV Clindamycin after culture of hand done. Previous lab work was consulted and found she was positive for RA. MD in ER told her that the Flu vaccine caused an exacerbation of her RA condition causing the swelling and pain She was started on Prednisone 60 mg daily for 5 days and then 50 mg daily for 5 days. Also she was prescribed Meloxicam 7.5 mg daily. She states by 11/7/15 she was better with less swelling, pain, and able to close hand. Note from MD for Return to Work on 11/16/15."
"Pain at administration site on 10/6/15. On 10/7/15 (24 hrs later) pain and stiffness in left arm. Limited range of motion w/o pain, in left arm and shoulder continues."
"Quarter sized blotchy red, raised area adjacent to imm. site (R) thigh afebrile."
"Redness, swelling and pain in the area."
"Right upper arm/shoulder pain and decreased range of motion ongoing for >4 weeks. First 3 weeks, treated with TYLENOL, ALEVE and application of hot and cold packs to injection site (right upper arm). Now, currently on FLEXERIL, MOTRIN and NORCO and have off work order for 2 weeks. Symptoms still present."
11/3/15 Patient received Influenza vaccine at 11:20 AM. Went to grandmother's place in afternoon and complained of Abdominal pain. Vomited 7 times. Patient brought into our clinic and fever noted 5:48 PM of 101 degrees F. Patient released for home care with antipyretic. 11/4/15 3 PM. Patien asymptomatic at Follow up visit.
"Local reaction - redness, swelling and warmth to deltoid - did receive flu shot in the same arm at the same time due to pt's preference."
"Reported to facility with c/o (L) arm discomfort after Flu vac. Area lt right, warm to touch. Employee states is feeling better - see attached."
Pt. developed rash near injection site.
"Patients arm hurts, in pain. Hurts when she lifts her left arm."
"36 hrs after vaccine parents noticed reddened area in (R) deltoid about 2x2 in, pain. Seen in office about 49 hrs after injection with warmth swelling in (R) deltoid 4 inch x 4 inch area. Pt has mild diarrhea x2 days."
"Hives, rash on face, pain in right eye, pain in right side of head, mild sore throat, sinus pressure."
Arm/shoulder pain where injection received (left arm).  Remainder of week pain and inability to function/lift items.  Required rest in bed and at home.  Still laid up as of 11/10/2015.
Patient was given Fluzone HD injection instead of Fluvirin trivalent.  Fluzone HD is not indicated for patient age.  Patient did not report any adverse effects.
Pt has been experiencing left side facial neuralgia.   Pt thought that it was from tooth pain and went to dentist and a specialist to determine where the pain is originating from.  They said it was not dental and the only other possibility she feels is the vaccine.
"Patient's arm hurts, she is throwing up and has diarrhea."
Pt states he started having terrible shivering starting 24 hours after administration of the vaccine and lasting for 24 hours. Pt did not seek medical attention.
"11/3/15: headache and tiredness. onset: upon waking, lasted all day. 11/4/15: headache, cough, tiredness upon waking, swelling under arm. onset: upon waking, lasted all day. slept entire day. 11/5/15: loss of use of left arm onset: upon waking, lasted all day. Severe swelling and pain. unable to sleep due to pain. 11/6/15: no use of left arm, severe pain, fatigue, tiredness all onset upon waking lasted all day. 11/7/15: tiredness, increased but limited movement of arm, pain in left side of chest. Lasted all day. 11/8/15: decreased swelling, pain with arm movement (onset upon waking and lasted all day). 11/9/15: moderate swelling, mild pain. onset upon waking, lasted all day. 11/10/15: mild to moderate swelling."
Excruciating pain from shoulder to finger tips. Had a bruise which went away but pain & ache still remain as of today (11/10/2015). Also extreme soreness in entire arm.
"Patient reported lump in the throat with no shortness of breath and no difficulty swallowing. Also reported a general feeling of being """"unwell."""" No other symptoms. Symptoms did not start until hours after immunization. Patient will take some Benadryl and proceed to the emergency room if symptoms progress."""""
"Has itchy rash on forearms and front of legs @ one week after the immunization, and presented to the pharmacy 11/10/15."
"Patient reported shaking and feeling cold, but no fever."
"Beginning on 11/2 my back felt as though I pulled a muscle to the left of my spine. The next day my back continued to hurt and began to itch accompanied with pain around my left side to my lower abdomen. By Wednesday, red itchy bumps began to appear and turned into clusters of red, painful, blistery bumps covering my lower abdomen, left side, and along the left side of my spine, over the following days. The diagnosis of Shingles was confirmed on Monday 11/9 and treated with steroid cream along with 1gram 3x per day for 7 days of valacyclovir."
Shingles/Herpes Zoster Ophthalmicus.
"REPORTED TODAY REDNESS ABOUT 4 INCHES IN DIAMETER, WEAKNESS, FATIGUE - ONSET TIME APPROXIMATE."
"DIZZINESS, BLURRED VISION, LOSS OF CONSCIOUSNESS, VOMITING.  HAPPENED IN THAT SUCCESSION APPROXIMATELY 5 MINUTES AFTER VACCINATION.  PARAMEDICS WERE CALLED AND BLOOD PRESSURE+GLUCOSE TAKEN."
"Bleeding, extensive bruising above and below injection site, pain."
Patient developed an itchy rash to chest and abdomen. Mom says that rash looks like hives.
"PATIENT CAME IN 11/10/2015 PRESENTING REDNESS, SWELLING AND STIFFNESS ON THE ARM WHERE SHE RECEIVED IMZ (BOOSTRIX AND FLUVIRIN). I RECOMMENDED SHE VISIT NEARBY URGENT CARE FACILITY."
Flu shot.
"Acute pain and swelling. Skin is red, tight and hot to the touch."
"Excessive fatique, unable to hold head up, severe muscle soreness, very uncomfortable."
"Severe pain at injection site/left arm, that radiated down arm, up shoulder, around chest and back shoulder, lasted 4-5 days, unable to sleep, sought treatment, cortisone shot resolved symptoms."
Convulsions - tics - jerking non purposeful movements. (L) leg cellulitis/abscess.
"4 days, redness and itching at injection site. Patient is improving."
"Pain, which initiated within few days after vaccination and still present a few week out after vaccines were administered. (Pain/soreness on arm which they were given). (Left and right)."
"Pain, which initiated within few days after vaccination and still present a few weeks out after vaccines received/were administered (pain/soreness on arm which they were given). (Left and right)."
"Pain, which initiated within few days after vaccination and still present a few weeks out after vaccine was received/administered (pain/soreness on arm vaccine was given)."
"Pain, which initiated within few days after vaccination and still present a few weeks out after vaccine was administered. (Pain soreness on arm which vaccine was given)."
"Pain, which initiated within few days after vaccination and still present a few weeks out after vaccine(s) were administered. (Pain/soreness on arm which vaccines were given)."
Pt parent reported that pt was having a difficult time breathing/wheezing. Triage nurse scheduled f/u appt for 11/10 (9:15am) as no immediate need/stress. MD administered albuterol (0.083%)
"Pt presented with redness, swelling of right arm. Pt's arm had yellow crusting. When band aid removed a small area of skin bled and oozing occurred. Treated for cellulitis. Ibuprofen and antibiotics issued."
Hives appeared a few hours later. Patient also complained of scratchy throat. She self treated w/BENADRYL and was prescribed MEDROL dose pack. By 11/18/15 she is 90% better.
Pt complained of pain and stiffness in elbow joint approximately 5 min after injection.
Initially had localized reaction with redness and induration. Then developed large blister (approx 3-4 cm) in area.
"Mom reports child was irritable, poor feeding, poor sleeping, crying - all for 2 weeks child was not seen during this time - mom reported this 4 weeks later."
"2 days post-injection of FLUZONE High Dose vaccine, I developed severe weakness, muscle and joint pain, headache, high fever, chills, complete loss of appetite, dark urine, sleepiness, and lethargy. Although some of the symptoms have alleviated spontaneously, after nearly a week they still persist in a lesser form. None of these symptoms developed with previous flu vaccinations in recent years."
"Patient received AFLURIA at PCP office on 11-09-15 at 1402. At 2020 patient presented to ER with tightness/pain in throat. At 2045 pain was gone, lungs clear, EKG normal sinus rhythm, no block no ST changes. No angioedema. Can swallow without difficulty. No rash noted. Prescribed hydroxyzine 25mg q 4h x2 days."
"This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a company representative refers to a 50 year old female patient with Diabetes. No information regarding the patient's medical history was provided. On 03-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of PNEUMOVAX23 injection in her arm (lot# K016294; dose, route of administration and expiry date were not reported) and with a dose of an unspecified Flu vaccine (in the same arm; dose and route of administration were not reported). There were no concomitant therapies reported. On 04-NOV-2015, the patient experienced redness and swelling in an unspecified arm. On 06-NOV-2015, reported as today, the patient experienced fever of 101.4 degrees (units not further specified). There was no product quality complaint involved. The patient sought medical attention- she had an appointment scheduled for the day of this report. The outcome of the events was not reported. The relatedness between the suspect therapies and the events was not provided. Additional information has been requested."
"Redness, warmth, swelling, soreness,p ain at injection site, headache, fever, pain in left shoulder and dizziness."
Given both PNEUMOVAX and flu shot in right arm - within 48 hours developed fever to 103 with right arm redness and swelling. Seen in ER.
"Tightness and pain in chest, swollen painful throat, drainage from eyes, non-productive cough, body/muscle aches, rash on back of hands."
"Rash on torso, some on legs, relieved with use of Benadryl and cortisone cream."
Patient complained of tingling up arms and legs and also muscle spasms in legs. Also reported headache and fever. Lasted for 4 days.
Within hour left arm started to get sore. Pain and discomfort kept pt up all night. 10/30 did not go to gym class because of discomfort 10/31 spoke to nurse line who advised pt to go to clinic. Went to walk-in clinic and PA tested range of motion and recommended ibuprofen 3 times a day. Ibuprofen did help. On 11/2 went to gym class and it was still uncomfortable to left 5 pounds of weight. Today feeling better. Pharmacist recommended to get regular flu vax going forward.
"Vomiting, diarrhea, shaking, weakness."
"Patient's arm (lower deltoid) warm, red, and painful."
"I received my injection in my left arm on 10/08/15.  That evening, I experienced malaise and a low grade fever of 99.4.  When I woke up the next morning, I had pain under my left arm, in my neck, and in the left clavicular area.  I noticed several pea sized swollen lymph nodes in the clavicular area and neck but I could not palpate any in the left armpit area.  I could hardly raise my left arm and it was even more painful to turn my neck.  I realized that last year these symptoms occurred but it was about a week after my injection and it was not as severe.  The symptoms lasted about 2 weeks. Last year I got my injection on the R) arm and the symptoms were on the right.  I did get the flu in January of this year."
"Pain in arm where vaccine was given, shoulder pain during certain motions, numbness radiating into fingers."
"Extreme fatigue, fever, lasting 24 hours."
"Chills, pain. Dizziness. Extreme fatigue, inability to stand, nausea, inability to move arm."
"She was fine the day of injection. But, upon awakening the next morning, she developed symptoms. They included numbness from her elbow down through her hand. Her hand also felt swollen. The numbness has continued off and on and every day since then."
"Hives/pruritis and diarrhea occurred 20 minutes after administration. No airway issues. Patient given prednisone, Benadryl, and Zantac with resolution of all symptoms within 30 minutes."
"Imz was given with daughter present.  Pt left as normal, other daughter returned the next day to ask what she could do for her mother.  Stated her mother was unable to move  her arm and having tingling.  After much discussion with pt, it changed to """"pt can move her arm, but it's painful and has some tingling"""".  She has tried 1 ibuprofen 4 times.  She really wanted another recommendation and something to try topically.  I recommended if it continues, to definitely see the dr.  Pt took home menthol topical to see if that alleviated any discomfort and was encouraged to use ice as well. I followed up with the phone # on file the following day.  The daughter that was present at the time of imz stated that she was still having some tingling in her hand, but she hadn't spoken with mother yet that day.  She was supposed to have the pt call me back that day.  Still have not gotten to speak directly with the pt, therefore was hesitant how to report this due to some inconsistencies."""""
"Left Shoulder intense pain, started right after shot 10/24 and lasted thru 10/29. Pain restarted on 11/8 and it still exists as of 11/11. Lower back intense pain started on 10/26 and still have pain as of 11/11. Just been treating with heat but concerned that both pains have not gone away and may be related to the flu shot."
PATIENT EXPERIENCING PAIN AND NUMBNESS IS ARM. TRIED ICE AND IBUPROFEN BUT REPORTS DOES NOT HELP MUCH.
Swollen left tricep.
C/o numbness in her hand and forearm on vaccine side.
"Started as hive where shot was given, then, over course of 2 days, the entire arm and hand grew to twice its original size. The effects were swelling, itching and a burn-type feeling in the arm. The look and feel of the reaction resembled a 2nd degree burn - there was swelling, blisters, redness, and when that subsided, the skin started pealing."
Dizziness.
Pain and stiffness in body/arm.
"First presented with aches and pains in joints at 11:30, then severe chills. Temperature at 12:30 was 102.3, 15 minutes later 103.2, 15 minutes later 104.4. She had vomiting several times and diarrhea. At noon, she took 3 ibuprofen to little effect.  At 3 we tried Tylenol (2), but she threw them up. At 3:15 her temp started going down and at 3:45 was 100.5. She also presented with bleeding at the site of the injection."
Developed fever 102 degree and increase heart rate 109 bpm. Patient currently symptom free.
"Extreme fatigue; headache; loss of appetite; lasted more than seven days, with improvement. First time with combined flu shot and pneumonia shot."
"Patient received TIV Fluvirin 0.5 ml in right deltoid. Within 10 seconds, some bleeding occurred and large lump the size of a golf ball appeared underskin. Patient applied an ice pack for 20 minutes to swelling. Site was rechecked at 11:25am and was less swollen, a little bruised but not bleeding. Patient denied any pain at site."
"Have pain everyday since the vaccine, can not sleep well due to pain on arm, can not lift, have had headaches.  Its been more than a month and the pain is still persistent."
"After administering the shot, the patient closed his eyes and went into symptoms what seem to be seizure for about 10-15 seconds.  The pt slide on to the floor and then open up his eyes and said """"I had a dream"""". Seem as his heart rate was high, the ambulance was immediately called.  They came over in about 10 minutes and the pt seem fine."""""
Vomiting.
PATIENT CLAIMED THEY BROKE OUT IN FULL BODY RASH AND HIVES.
"Diarrhea, nausea, shaking, chills for about 12 hours, total time feeling tired - 2 days."
Patient complain that she has pain on left shoulder that radiates to neck after injection. It comes and goes but some times she can not use her arm. It is very painful. She is not sure if vaccine caused it since she has arthritis.
Patient woke up on 11/11/15 with a swollen and painful injection site. Patient said it was swollen to the size of an egg and tender and painful. Patient said the site was not red. She thinks it has gotten bigger during the day (only called the pharmacy around 6pm).
Patient states that her arm has been hurting ever since and the pain is very intense sometimes and she thought it would go away but after 3 weeks she is still having the pain.
"Left rib area sharp pain, left hand and fingers sharp pain, left shoulder and neck sharp pain, shortness of breath and itching throughout Friday evening to and currently. Visit doctor's office Wednesday 11/11/15. I was prescribed HFA inhaler, 2 poofs twice/day, Prednisone 10mg, and hydroxyzine."
"Chills, fever, runny nose, red eyes."
"Sore, warm and red arm at injection site. Shoulder pain bilaterally. Neck pain. Leg and muscle aches.  Headaches. Dizziness."
"Patient experienced a sharp, shooting pain beginning Sunday evening. The pain was located in the arm that the Pneumococcal vaccine was administered (left arm)."
"Not sure of time and day of onset. May be 11/3/15. Circular red silver dollar sized """"welt"""" at site of injection which felt hard and hot and itched in the very center."""""
"Sudden, severe croup coughing with elevated body temperature (2 degrees above normal 97 F for her)."
Pain in arm. Can't lift arm by itself over head. Can only move arm in certain directions.
"Very rapid heart beat, trouble catching my breath, high fever 102.0 headache and body aches. I took Aleve and Mucinex and a left over anti biotic. I finally felt better and could move around approximately 4 days later."
"Within 5 hours of vaccine administration, I developed significant pain in the left shoulder. The pain has not subsided. Over the counter pain medications, ice packs, heat pack, and exercise have not improved pain. Difficult to sleep. Limited range of motion and strength in left arm continue. No prior issues."
"Injection site red, warm, swollen."
Pain and decreased range of motion of arm.
"Day after vaccine - nausea, fever, chills, body aches, headaches, intense pain in arm where shot was given. Illness lasted 3 days. arm still swollen, red and painful at 1 week out."
Varicella like rash.
"Arm swollen, hot. Red, itchy swelling 8"""" in diameter."""""
Left arm swollen/redness/warm - told by ER physician to apply ice and take ibuprofen.
"10/20 15 min after injection - redness, swelling of site - Ice packs applied, BENADRYL 25 mg po. 10/21 - Called on day off - said she was much better. Redness and swelling subsided. 10/22 - Swollen lymph node (L) side of neck. Saw primary care Dr. - SOLU-MEDROL, Clindamycin, BENADRYL and PEPSID ordered."
"Severe chills, took 2 200 mg. ADVILS and symptoms subsided in 30 minutes. Injection site arm with pain and redness which lasted 4-5 days."
"Left thigh has area of small pink bumps, about a dozen spots the size of a pencil eraser. Afebrile, no swelling, itchiness or discomfort."
Pain whole upper arm and shoulder. No redness or swelling. 11/11/2015 and 11/12/2015 - can not lift arm or move in certain positions - EXTREME pain. Made appointment with orthopedic specialist.
"This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a 68 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's pertinent medical history and concurrent conditions were not reported. No previous drug allergies were reported. On 28-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23 (strength, dose frequency were not reported) lot # K016294, with an expiry date of 28-APR-2016 intramuscularly. The reporter stated that patient received PREVNAR on 04-SEP-2015 and the patient inadvertently received dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 on 28-OCT-2015 which was too close in interval between recommended doses. The patient also received FLUZONE HD (manufacturer unspecified) in the opposite arm concomitantly with PNEUMOVAX 23. Patient did not seek any medical attention. No adverse effects were reported. There was no product quality complaint. Additional information has been requested."
Patient had an unusual amount of swelling which extended past the elbow to the forearm.
"SHORT ASTHMA SYMPTOM, A FEW HIVES OVER WEEKEND. FATIGUE AND BODY ACHES PROGRESSING THROUGH TO 11/11 WITH THROBBING PAIN IN LEFT ARM (INJECTION ARM) AND DOWN INTO SHOULDER BLADE. STILL SOME BODY ACHES ON 11/12 BUT MUCH IMPROVED."
"Arm pain immediately following injection. """"Feels like Tendonitis"""". Affecting daily activities. Advised on 10/29 to: take 600-800mg Motrin every 8 hours x 3 days. Cold compress to the affected area 1 hour 3-4 times per day. Avoid use of extremity x3 days."""""
"Sore throat, nasal congestion, cough. This has happened every time I get hi-dose flu zone, this year and last year. Can we opt for regular flu vaccine instead?"
"No adverse event occurred, however child will need additional dose."
Swelling and erythema approx 4 cm at injection site - left upper arm.
Stiff neck and severe pain for several days.
Rash at vaccine site within approximately 30 min of administration. Erythematous maculo papular no systemic spread. No urticaria. No wheezing. Resolved in 2 days. Associated fever for 2 days.
"Itching, severe on going pain worse as days goes by. Lt arm limited movement."
Flu vaccine administered four days prior to age of 6 months. Attending physician aware. No side effects experienced. Plan to revaccinate at next visit.
Enlargement of left deltoid muscle extending around the arm.
"Severe arm pain, limited ability to move arm."
None stated.
"Patient presented with pain, redness and warmth of left upper arm that started the evening after flu shot that was given in same arm. No evidence of wheezing, chest pain, shortness of breath or difficulty swallowing. Patient treated with supportive care including rest, cool compress and otc analgesics for comfort."
"During afternoon was a bit weak and arm sore, no big deal.  By 6:30, started having chills and feeling worse.  Started running fever which topped out at 102 as registered on two digital thermos by 1AM. Whole body ache and massive headache plus feeling nauseous. Fever came down to 101 by 6AM and stayed there all of 11/10 with all listed symptoms. On 11/11, fever 100.6 until about 3pm but headache gone and mild appetite returned. At bedtime, no fever. Today, back to normal with a bit of weakness. No mess taken throughout."
"C/O significant local reaction - swelling, redness and vesicular rash at site of injection - light ecchymosis at site of reaction"
Patient stated her arm is sore and still could not lift up since vaccination. her doctor is ordering ultrasound to check out. Patient will notify pharmacy after getting result back.
"Localized swelling, erythema, induration -> Treated with KEFLEX (to cover for infectious etiology) and BENADRYL."
"Case number PHEH2015US022307, is an initial spontaneous report received from a health care professional on 29 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 31-year-old male patient. Medical history was not reported. Concomitant medication was not reported. The patient received FLUVIRIN (batch number: 158202) intramuscularly on 21 Oct 2015. On 23 Oct 2015, two days after vaccination, the patient experienced rash all over the body. The patient had seen an MD and was prescribed BENADRYL. The patient still has the rash. The outcome of the event was not recovered. Seriousness and causality was not reported. Seriousness of the event """"rash generalized"""" was upgraded based on information available in the source document."""""
Bell's palsy.
"This spontaneous report was received from a registered nurse regarding a patient of unknown age and gender. The patient's medical history included breast cancer and lymph nodes removed. Patient's drug reactions or allergies were not provided. On 03-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with an unspecified dose of ZOSTAVAX inadvertently in the abdominal instead of the recommended deltoid region (dose, route, lot number and expiration date were not provided). The patient also received an unspecified dose of Influenza virus vaccine (unspecified) in the deltoid in the right arm (dose, lot number and expiration date were not provided) administered on an unknown date and was unable to use the left arm as the patient had breast cancer and lymph nodes removed prior to receiving the 2 vaccines. No adverse effects were reported. At the time of the report, the patient's outcome was unknown. Causality was not provided. Additional information has been requested."
Patient had extensive swelling in arm and tenderness. Dx with cellulitis tx with BACTRIM. Had large amt. of redness. Patient seen in ER prior to office visit.
"Vaccine given right deltoid on 10/19. In the evening of 10/20, mom noticed redness, swelling and lump at injection site. Used ice and Benadryl- was seen by doctor on 10/21."
"My arm was sore for two days after shot in the area of the shot.  That didn't alarm me, seemed normal.  Two weeks later it was still sore at the infection point but the pain had increased.  I called the Dr. and they said to watch it and let them know in a week.  A week later I called and let them know it was still quite severe, and had spread.  It ranges from the shoulder to the elbow.  They had me come in.  They did an xRay and didn't see anything.  Today is 11/12 and the pain is still the same."
"ARM IS RED, HOT AND SWOLLEN AROUND INJECTION SITE AREA."
"Felt shock and pain when nurse injected high on the Deltoid of left shoulder, ping pong size knot developed. 10-16-15 significant pain in arm, muscle atrophy in deltoid, 11-11-15 noticed atrophy in shoulder blade. Constant burning in entire are, side of neck and shoulder blade. Pain medication for pain, physical therapy started 11-11-15."
"Didn't feel quite well, nor could I sleep.  Had put an ice pack on both arms and took Tylenol.  Upon waking up, noticed that my left arm (where I had received the pneumonia shot was given) had broken out in four different areas and was red and hot to touch). Three of the areas were large in size and the other was small in size.  Called the doctor's office, went in and saw the nursing assistant. It was determined that I had an allergic reaction to the injection and that my sites were hot to the touch.  An antibiotic was prescribed and I was told to continue with the ice pack, Tylenol and Benadryl if needed.  *On a separate note:  I was given a pneumonia shot in my left arm and a flu shot in my right arm*"
Right arm erythematous and warm to touch. Redness noted to elbow joint. Afebrile.
"When pt awoke the next morning, she was developing fever and headache.  Fever got to 102. Pt then developed rash on the underside of arm and some swelling.  She went to the ER and was given IV Benadryl to alleviate the symptoms."
No adverse event.  Parent reported no fever and child doing fine.
After 12 days area was still swollen and bruised.
No adverse event.  Parent reported child was doing fine and no fever.
No adverse event.  Parent reported child was doing fine and afebrile.
"WAS LAYING ON BACK 5 HOURS AFTER SHOTS, SEEMED TO NOT BE ABLE TO CATCH BREATH, MOM SAT HER UP, SHE DID IT AGAIN X 5-10 SECONDS, THEN A THIRD TIME WITHIN 15 MINUTE PERIOD. NO CYANOSIS OR LOSS OF CONSCIOUSNESS. WENT TO ER, FINE AND ASYMPTOMATIC THERE AND EVER SINCE."
"Have severe pain in left shoulder where shot was given, can not lift my left arm, has shooting pain and at times feels like its going to"""" pop"""", I have a yearly physical on 11/20/2015 and I am going to request xrays."""""
"Baby taken to Emergency room after temperature was 105. ER temp was 104.8. Heart beat was 250. After IV fluids and Tylenol, fever and pulse lowered to 102. Rash followed 4 days later after fever gone."
"Headache, chills, nausea, diarrhea."
"Swelling covering entire shoulder - redness, tenderness, decreased mobility."
"The next morning after taking the shot, started having some minor aching in my arm muscles. To this day been having very severe pain in my arms muscles and joints."
"Inflammation, urticaria, pruritis, increased skin temperature."
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 30-Oct-2015) concerns a 39-year old male patient. Concomitant medication was not reported. The patient had no vaccination history. On 19-Oct-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number: '29902') for prophylaxis via unknown route. On 21-Oct-2015, three days after vaccination, the patient developed angina tonsillaris, lasting for unknown. The patient required out-patient treatment.  The patient was treated with phenoxymethylpenicillin potassium and was necessary. The patient was unable to work. The outcome was reported as not recovered. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus and the Afluria PI, angina tonsillaris, and impaired work ability are both unlisted. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is 3 days following vaccination. Angina tonsillar is essentially severe inflammation of the tonsils with or without peritonsillar involvement. The cause is usually viral with secondary bacterial infection. It is not known if swabs to confirm bacteria (streptococcus) were performed as patient required treatment with antibiotics. Incidental infection post vaccination is a more likely cause.  However as nasopharyngitis (URTI inflammation) can sometimes following vaccination, it may have predisposed patient to secondary infection, hence vaccination causally attributable."
Redness/ swelling/discomfort in arm/shoulder/neck.
"At 07:15AM I felt hot and my skin on my chest and neck were red.  I am a nurse and was in a patients room in an isolation gown.  I thought I was hot and the patient noticed I was red and said something to me.  I was in her room for about an hour noticed I was itching but igonored it given I was busy and in the ICU.  Around 08:15 I noticed hives on my chest and neck and developed a dry cough and some wheezing and I took 50 of Benadryl.  By 10am I had 2 hives on left on my neck and chest, skin continued to be red.  11:40 I went to employee health they took my vital signs Blood pressure and pulse ox.  130/80 99% and HR was 110. They told me I did not need a temperature done. (I disagreed took my own temp and it was 100F. did this outside of employee health).  My heart rate is 50-70 normally (I run and do lots of cardio) BP runs low 90-110/60's normally. Employee health told me I could not get any further flu shots without a doctors note."
"Fever of 103, muscle aches, headache, dizzy, weakness."
"Arm is sore, tight feeling, blistered rash on arm and body."
"Rash, swollen and itch. Hot to touch."
Gave Hep B immunization at 12 months well child visit. Mother authorized PENTACEL instead of routine Hep B vaccine. Pt asymptomatic at clinic. Pt on delayed immunization schedule. Mother aware of error. MD notified and spoke with mother.
Patient felt in the heart with symptoms. Had Parkinson like symptoms and blood pressure dropped from 110/70 to 70/50. He said he was tired and fell asleep for more than 12 hrs.
"Pt. presented with rash, redness, swelling and induration in left deltoid area (area of vaccination). Vaccine PSV23 and flu shot given 3 days ago. Given cephalexin."
Shot administered on 11-2-15. S/s started on 11-6-15. I saw on 11-9-15 when she came in. Her Lt. arm (upper) had approx 4 inch W x 2 inch red raised area. This area was warm to touch and approx. mid forearm approx 2 inches below injection site. Denies any other s/s besides itching at site.
Patient developed a large bruise (size of baseball) in site of injection that has lasted >10 days.
"Fever/chills. Radiating pain in arm, unable to raise arm/bend. Swelling at site. Nausea."
"Pain/soreness and rash around injection area, extending up into shoulder."
"Rigors, fever/chills into the morning. Arm soreness, difficulty raising or bending arm, swelling at site, nausea, last temp at 9AM 10/28 99.8 degrees."
"Swelling in arm, fever, chills, nausea, headache, extreme soreness in arm."
Swelling at injection site. Eyes swollen shut and itchy. Itching.
"Redness, swelling about 4-6 inches in diameter, and warmth at the injection site."
"Since receiving the Pneumovax vaccine in her right arm, the patient's right arm has been red, swollen, and painful, from her elbow to her shoulder. She states she has edema pooling around her elbow and her arm is in a lot of pain. She had a Fluzone HD in her left arm with no reaction."
Very bad vertigo early morning lasting into the next day.  Worse while changing sleep positions at night.
"Chills, fever, body aches."
NOTICED RASH ON LEFT FOREARM ON 11/10/205. NOTICED RASH ON UPPER LEFT THIGH ON 11/11/15. NOTICED RASH ON UPPER RIGHT THIGH 11/12/15. TODAY FACE IS ITCHY AND BEGINNING TO GET A RASH ON MIDDLE BACK.
"Low grade fever, joint aches and pains, arm very stiff, difficult to move, pain in shoulder/arm/armpit, side of chest.  Redness and swelling extending down arm away from injection site."
Patient received vaccine at 4pm without any adverse rxn. At 9pm she felt like she had a lump in her throat and throat was sore on swallowing. Took a BENADRYL at 10 PM and went to sleep. Upon awakening in morning she felt ok.
"Aching joints, coughing, listless, sore throat, headache, earache, eyes itching and mucous in eyes stuck closed in AM."
"Chills, aches, nausea evening of vaccination - these symptoms gone next morning but right arm remained sore with pain radiating to right neck and shoulder - difficulty raising arm over head no redness or swelling at injection site."
"Patient reports throat tightening/swelling, red itchy eyes, fever of 101. Reports symptoms are improved."
"Pt received both flu and pneumonia shot on same day. No localized rxn however pt reports feeling weak,  HA, achy, nauseous, sore legs since receiving vaccinations."
Severe chills - lasting about 2 hrs. Vomiting. Aching all over. More chills next eve. Lasted 3 days.
"Chills, nausea, and tachycardia - lasting 24 hours after vaccine administration. No treatment. All symptoms resolved after 1 day."
"Pt called 1 pm, Nov 4, 2015 - no injection site rxn - said felt like had flu during night, throat tightened - fine at time of call."
"Patient called on 10-21-15 and said just a red patch around shot area 3"""" x 2"""" oval. No itch or pain. Called pt on 10-24-15 to follow up with patient and pt said smaller and lighter color (pink) still no itch."""""
"Pt. came into store on 11/6/15 to report extensive redness, swelling, itching, and pain in the arm. She had received the vaccination on 11-4-15. She was referred to urgent care and received Rx for clindamycin."
Patient reported pain down arm to wrist post injection. Went to orthopaedist and received cortisone injection.
"Fever, rash (all over body). Seizure."
Cx give FLUZONE HD and PREVNAR13 both in left arm 1 inch apart on 9/21/15 on 11/4/15. She is still complaining of arm pain when she lifts arm.
"Sluggish, cough, sneezing, head stuffy, joints ache. Symptoms lasted 2 days."
"6 days after vaccination she said redness, warmth, slight swelling and pain appeared in the general area of the vaccination site. She saw her physicians P.A. and was prescribed minocycline."
"Started to feel clammy, and sweaty. Shortness of breath, cramps diarrhea and vomiting. Total weakness."
"None, no ADR. Pt was just double dosed a PREVNAR. Received 4/1/15 also."
Cellulitis (R) upper extremity. Lesions - lateral aspect of (R) upper arm warm and erythematous. Rednes of area approx 25 cm/mg/12-15 cm wide. No induration. No tenderness. Cephalexin 500 mgm caps QID (5 days) BENADRYL 25 mgm 1/2 q 6 hours PRN itch.
"""Large, red, swollen welt at injection site, pt stated she was having trouble breathing and felt like her throat was swollen. Pt said happened a few hrs after shot, she used an EPIPEN, started BENADRYL next day."""""
Headache which is increasing in severity body aches with fever. Took TYLENOL with no relief. Took MOTRIN with some relief. Onset of symptoms approx. 4-6 hrs after receiving influenza vaccine.
Pt fell down HR and BP very high - stayed on floor until she felt better - she feels like she has the flu - told to go get checked.
Received call from pt 11.10.15 states she had rash on Lt arm under her breast and around to her back. Has morning headache and nausea for last week - Pt had Flu vaccine and Tdap in same arm. Vaccines given on 11.2.15. Is still home sick.
"On 11/12/15 1st time pt received High Dose Flu vaccine. IM injection given (R) deltoid 2 fingers below acromium process. Sl. bleeding after injection. C/o itching almost immediately after injection cold pack applied x 20 minutes. Slight bruising and swelling spoke w/ patient on 11/13/15. Slight bruise remains. She denies pain, itching or swelling."
Right arm redness; swelling; rash; itchiness (patient reports they did not scratch it); hardness at the site of the injection; feels warmth down to the bone; cellulitis that according to the doctor has spread across the arm.
"Pt experienced initial reaction at pharmacy - started with cough, hives and then lump in throat."
"Pt received AFLURIA and PNEUMOVAX 23 on 9/23. Pt developed sores in his mouth the next day. He did not seek medical treatment, but missed 1 day of work. Cleared up in a day or 2."
Fever and itchy rash that still persists.
"24 hour severe muscle pain, more severe than Prevnar! Hardly able to walk."
"My shoulder is in a lot of pain I can't lift it and, it feels like some is torn in my shoulder and a little pain in my arm but in my shoulder bad when I lift it there is a lot of pain."
"Child had a likely partial syncope within 5 min from vaccine administration, stable pulse and breathing during observation but feeling dizzy, very sleepy, reporting headache, feels mildly sweaty, was pale. Paramedics called and arrived approx 15min later, reported stable BP and released child to mother with advice to get him check by ER or PCP. Child walked away on his own."
Arm stiff and sore. Can't lift arm higher than shoulder. Can't bear weight on arm or lift anything with left arm.
Extreme pain in muscles in legs and arms. Large knot at vaccination site as well as red and very warm. Headaches and chills but no fever.
"Started having chest pain. Went to the ED on 11/14/15 and diagnosed with pleurisy.  On Monday, 11/16/2015, broke out with shingles."
"Muscle soreness, limited use of shoulder muscle."
"Patient complains of headache, pain in arm where injection was given, rash on same arm, slightly short of breath.  Day 3 with same symptoms.  Pt advised to take Benadryl, call PCP, and go to ER if face or mouth swells of breathing becomes difficult."
Facial numbness and eye twitching x 8 hours (until went to sleep). Resolved upon waking. No Treatment necessary.
"Fever, chills, excessive sweating, joint pain, racing heart, heart fluttering, general felt AWFUL.  What sent me to the ER were the heart palpatations...sleeplessness."
"She developed R should pain, arm numbness and difficulty with grasp.  It has slowly improved but she still has symptoms periodically. (per MD note)"
"Patient returned to the clinic today and reported the symptoms to me, onset was next day with chills, fever (unk), body aches, very sore injection site, very tender to touch, red, swollen.  Symptoms last 36 hours."
Extreme Dizziness (fell twice - no injuries) Lasted past Midnight. Rest. Will report this to my MD on Monday.
"Patient received the high-dose flu shot and Prevnar on the same day and requested them in the same arm.  She came back on 11/12/15 because her arm near her elbow (not where she was vaccinated) was swollen slightly, red, and warm to the touch."
"PATIENT THOUGHT HER HAND WAS SWOLLEN. HER ARM AT INJECTION SITE WAS NOT RED OR SWOLLEN. I COULD NOT TELL IF HER HAND WAS SWOLLEN OR NOT, BUT SHE WAS CONCERNED IT WAS FROM VACCINE."
"Patient called in the morning and stated his arm was swelling. He said it was from the pneumonia vaccine at the time. However, his girlfriend called back in the afternoon and stated it was his right arm which is where he received a flu shot. She said he had a rash spread down to his elbow. I advised them to go to the ER or urgent care."
"Became lethargic, sweaty, almost fainted but father carried her to a chair."
"Redness, hives around injection site measuring about 2 inches in diameter, itching and the area is swollen. Patient states pain since initial injection but that it increased this morning after waking and that's when itching started. He took off bandaid ten min post injection."
"Started as severe pain in upper left shoulder. Loss of range of motion, cannot lift, pull with arm. Have trouble sleeping at night waking up with arm pain. Cannot do normal activities without pain. Very bothersome."
"Cough productive, diffuse body aches, coryza, itchy eyes, severe malaise."
Onset of shingles.
"Fever, over all body aches, headache, fatigue, pain and swelling at site of injection, red rash at site of injection ~1 inch diameter day 1: day 2 thru day 5 fever, severe body muscle and joint aches and pain, severe headache, chills, severe fatigue and muscle weakness, difficulty breathing: day 4 elevated heart rate to 165 BPM, for 48 hours: by day three rash around injection site covered back of arm from shoulder to elbow and around both sides: day 6 arm rash gone but large hard lump on arm at injection site ~ 4"""" diameter: day 8 body fatigue resolved and other symptoms resolved but hard lump on arm persistent ~  4"""" diameter."""""
Pain at site of injection.
"PAIN BEGAN ON NOVEMBER 2ND, AND BY NOVEMBER 6TH, I NOTICED I COULD FEEL A LUMP.  I CONTACTED MY PCP AND WAS TREATED FOR CELLULITIS.  A FEW DAYS LATER I CALLED MY PCP BECAUSE THE ANTIBIODIC WASN'T HELPING.  AN MRI SHOWED THAT I HAD AN ABSCESS 3 INCHES LONG AND AN INCH THICK.  I SAW AN ORTHOPEDIC SURGEON ON NOV. 11TH, AND HAD SURGERY ON NOV. 12TH TO REMOVE THE ABSCESS.  I KNOW HAVE A 3-4 INCH INCISION HEALING ON MY LEFT SHOULDER."
"Right arm (where vaccine was given) and whole back swole up, and got stiff and store. Could not move and was bedridden for 8 days."
Severe pain in entire arm where flu shot was given with weakness.
"Patient reported body shaking/tremors, and nausea/vomiting until approximately 1am. Pt received shot about noon and said symptoms started about 5 hours later."
Very large Swollen lymph nodes around collar bone with pain whenever it is touched or if I move my left arm or turn my neck to that side. Pain/tenderness going up into neck.
Patient had some swelling (lump) at deltoid injection site that appeared to have resolved/lessened in about 10 minutes. No difficulty breathing or other side effects in 25-30 minutes of monitoring. This report is precautionary.
Started with a sore throat and followed shortly by burning eyes.   A few hours later my throat became not only sore but swollen and I started to get aches and pains in my legs and back.  When I got up about 07:00 AM the throat was normal as the soreness and swelling had gone away and most of the aches had subsided.  However I did feel weak and did not feel normal until about 02:00 PM.
"Unable to left arm away from body, extreme pain in arm muscle.  Unable to use arm for daily functions, occasional tingling down arm to finger tips."
"Day after vaccination patient experienced soreness in both arms. Per patient felt like she was punched in arm 100 times. Initially, pain predominantly in Adacel (right) arm. Then alternated back & forth between right & left arm. She has been on Motrin tid since day after vaccination. Patient complains of pain when she crosses arms and states she cannot lift arms above shoulders. No redness, no warmness & no swelling per patient. About 2 to 2 and 1/2 wks after vaccination she went to ER as PCP was out of town. She was told to continue Motrin and give it a few more days. More recently as symptoms are still present her doctor is recommending XRay or MRI to check for muscle involvement or damage."
"Headache for 2 days (as of today) no ibuprofen, acetaminophen etc. taken as I read they could suppress immune making ability."
"Itchy, rash (small raised bumps, red) and hives where scratched on neck and chest. (Note: also extreme soreness in arm where vaccine administered)."
"Unable to move my arm, unable to take shirt off by myself. Severe pain took ibuprofen but didn't help much."
My arm was very sore and I can not raise it without severe pain. I also have problems laying on it without pain.
Patient described adverse reaction to FLUZONE HD that included lymph node inflammation.
"Redness, swelling, and pain of left upper arm. Provider advised cool compresses to reduce swelling . Use TYLENOL 500 mg every 6 hours as needed."
"Sore Arm at injection site. Rash on Shoulder, Torso, and Neck."
"Injection site arm shows significant redness covering injection site area and bicep. Patient noticed AM on day after vaccination. Skin feels warm. A part from arm soreness, patient reports no other symptoms. As of 1:53 PM on 11/13/15 symptoms are not worsening."
"Itchy patches of discomfort/misery; after adjusting variables, pt has decided started right after and must be due to immunization. Will now try hydrocortisone and BENARYL cream."
"Redness, swelling, tenderness at injection site. Treated with KEFLEX 250 mg PO QID x 5 days."
"Patient developed large lump around injection site that was hard, painful, and warm to the touch. Lump continued to get larger over days after vaccination. Diagnosed by patient's doctor as cellulitis."
Pain around the rotating left shoulder. Missed work the first two days after the shot. Patient has been using the adhesive tape to wrap around the upper arm to give support. Complaint still pain even a mark after or up to today date.
Pt received flu and pneumonia at same time at same arm on 10/8/15. Pt is suffering still from pain and cannot move freely with that arm been more than 10 days.
"Pt given vaccine 11/12/15 in afternoon. Pt called and reported redness, swelling, pain, warm to touch on afternoon of 11/13/15. Pt counseled to monitor and to call if symptoms worsen. Pt came to pharmacy on 11/15/15 in the morning. Redness """"still"""" extended through entire upper arm. Pt thought swelling had improved some. Redness stretched from shoulder to elbow. Pt was going to consult her doctor."""""
Still feels sore. No movement issue now.
"Arm got red, swollen, and painful. Went to doctor on 11/14/15 and received antibiotics and pain meds to treat diagnosis of cellulitis."
Hives developed the evening of vaccination and continued into the following date.
Pain in upper left arm when raising above shoulder level. Pain when sleeping on left arm. Pain has not diminished over the course of 18 days. Unable to raise left arm to remove clothing without severe pain.
"Patient developed a mild fever Saturday night (flushed cheeks, very cranky), which developed and maintained though Monday morning. Tylenol brought the fever down but it would spike again as soon as the Tylenol wore off. He also complained of body aches (legs/feet/head) and said his belly hurt. Also developed runny nose and lethargy."
"Headache, stomach ache, gas, unable to sleep."
Left shoulder pain which radiates to left arm elbow and hand with decrease range of motion of left shoulder.
"10-14-15 To doctor for annual wellness checkup. Lab report came back normal. Received my annual influenza shot and my third pneumonia vaccine. 10-15-15 Noticed severe soreness in both upper arms. Checked temperature - subnormal (97). 10-17-15 Had mild pain in hip joints (not in spine or coccyx region) so, at night I applied medicated """"Equate"""" pads and """"ICY HOT"""", a topical  medication. This has continued through present. However, my usual activities were curtailed, such as walking up and down stairs and around 5-acre apartment complex. 10-25-15 Attended church (drove car) but could not walk as briskly as before. As pain increased, I cancelled dental appointment for next week (11-02); and, since then cancelled 11-09 but have 11-16 scheduled if better by then. 10-26-15 Increasing pain. Went to a massage therapist. Had to roll off the table. No better. Continued self treatment; drank sufficient water."""""
"Ice was applied to the injection site on 11/5/15. After removing ice the following were noted: swollen area w/a spilled milk design; the area was red, blue/purple and later became warm to touch. Later that day I saw a Dr. in local urgent care who diagnosed me with allergic reaction to flu shot injection and I was prescribed prednisone 5 mg 1 twice a day, redness subsided bit area that was red is now black."
"Generalized itching, hives, increased HR, nausea."
"Patient contacted reporter at the Employee flu clinic on 11/03/15. He reported swelling and a hard bump at the injection site that was observed on 10/28/15. He currently has a purple skin discoloration at the injection site, swelling, bump size decreasing and sore arm. Recommend seek medical care if pain continues. 11/6 PHN call to EMS. Patient moving up to upper arm and shoulder. Recommend see healthcare provider."
"Severe arm pain, radiating down arm to palm."
Infection on injection site. Treatment by MD; cephalexin 500mg 2 bid for 10d. On injection site on PREVNAR 13 - (R) delt.
Headaches dDiarrhea for several hrs. bladder UTI as a result of dehydration. Went to walk in clinic after symptoms persisted. Chills.
Posterior of arm was erythematous all along the triceps with an area of redness that looked like it pooled at the elbow. I had a mild ulnar neuropathy for 2 days that resolved. Suspect injection hit nerve sheath.
"Extreme Headache front left behind eye. Some numbness in extremities. Nausea on 11/08/15. Headaches continue through date of report, 11/16/15. Not constant but severe."
"Her arm was sore later that afternoon that she received the vaccine. Today every time she touches it, that same area is sore. The soreness has not resolved from the Prevnar vaccine in her right deltoid."
"Pt reports muscle soreness and some trouble moving arms in certain positions (stated she could not reach to her back).  Pt mentioned symptoms at a PCP visit.  Pt PCP, diagnosed pt with muscle strain and Parsonage-Turner syndrome.  Pt was referred by PCP for followup care with a chiropractor."
"Shoulder swelling, Rash around site and extreme fatigue/Dazed."
"This spontaneous report was received from a nurse practitioner via a company representative and refers to a 52 year old female patient with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). No information regarding the patient's concomitant medication and drug reactions or allergies was reported. On 06-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 in the arm (strength, dose, route of administration, lot # and expiration date were not provided). On the same date, the patient was vaccinated with influenza virus vaccine (unspecified) in the arm (strength, dose, route of administration, lot # and expiration date were not provided). No indication was given as to which arm or the timing of the 2 shots. Later on 06-NOV-2015, the patient returned to the nurse practitioner's office and complained of """"warm and swollen arm"""".  On 09-NOV-2015, the patient returned to the nurse practitioner's office and her arm was still """"red and swollen"""" (onset date of arm's redness estimated to November 2015). It was unspecified if the patient received the treatment and had lab diagnostics studies performed. The patient notified the nurse practitioner that she was feeling better and recovering from the events. The patient sought medical attention. The relatedness between the events and PNEUMOVAX 23 and influenza virus vaccine (unspecified) was not reported. Additional information has been requested."""""
"This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist refers to a 59 year old male patient. The patient's concurrent conditions included high blood pressure and high blood cholesterol. The patient had shingles in the past. On 14-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX lot # L012478, (Expiry date 10-JUL-2016) dose 0.65 ml, tablet, subcutaneous. Concomitant therapies included sterile diluent (lot # K024557, (Expiry date 10-OCT-2016), hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ), CRESTOR, lisinopril, omeprazole and HYTRIN. On 15-OCT-2015 the patient developed a rash """"ovular, 2 inches across by 1 inch with pustules at the edges that are flat and dry, not like usual shingles he had in the past"""". It was reported that the patient received AFLURIA (lot # U55806, Expiry date 18-JUN-2016), on 14-OCT-2015, same day as ZOSTAVAX was administered in the opposite arm. The patient sought medical attention contacted the pharmacist. The outcome of rash was not known. Causality assessment was not provided. There was no product quality complaint filed. Additional information has been requested."""""
Swelling and pain at injection site with additional swelling below injection site.
Patient reported to pharmacy on 11/16/15 extreme arm pain and arm movement limitation one hour after vaccine administration on 10/30/15. Patient contacted pharmacy where vaccine was administered 16 days after injection. Patient reported seeing Primary Care physician on 11/2/15 complaining of right shoulder pain. Xrays didn't show anything so patient was given steroid injection. On 11/9/15 patient again contacted PCP complaining of arm soreness and pain and then mentioned they had Flu and Pneumonia vaccine. Reported arm soreness to pharmacy on 11/16/15.
Left Bell's palsy.
Soreness of the arm for more than 3 weeks.
Itching.
Rash on lower left arm - lasted almost 7 days. Tingling and numbness is still going on randomly each day.
"Family called on 11/11/15. Redness and swelling noted on 11/11/15 (L) deltoid region. Mild pain flu shot given 2 days earlier. No problems with post flu shots. Exam: 6 x 9 cm pinkness, induration, mild tenderness (L) upper arm 21 cm circumference (R) upper arm 19.5 cm circumference. No systemic findings."
"Injection site area was hot, red, blotchy and painful. Patient sought care with physician's office and was prescribed antibiotics. Physician told the patient she had cellulitis."
"Visit 11/13/15 arm redness and swelling 5 1/2"""" x 3"""". Thickened red area in center of larger swollen area. Warm and tender to touch. Client states swelling began day 1 after vaccination in right arm. She received Tdap and flu shot. Unaffected arm received (left arm) Hep A and MMR. 11/13 saw Dr at office, no Rx - sent client to an urgent care for MD f/u if nec. Diagram of erythema 8 1/2"""" -> 11/16 called pt, states getting a little better, size smaller."""""
Significant pain at injection site and shoulder has continued x 1 month and treatment through chiropractor and taking ibuprofen -> othopedic physician 11/16/15.
"Two brothers came in to get shots. Older brother (18) went first did fine. 15 year old went second said he was okay and fine. Ask him several times. He said okay walked away couple of steps fainted blood pressure, heart rate dropped low called ambulance. He was taken to ER gave steroids released. Called 8:25 fine. Called same day fine. Released. Everything was fine when released blood pressure and heart rate resolved talke to mom twice."
Patient on 11/15/15 reported to store manager for the first time he was experiencing pain in the arm that he got the vaccine. It continued for more than 3-4 days. Visited family MD.
"Participant advised nurse of dull pain at injection site, following numbness in fingers and hand and also swelling of hand. approx 1hr 20 min later reporting inability to lift arm."
"Flu like symtoms, flu, and general soreness."
"PT CAME IN WITH SWOLLEN LIKE RASH AT INJECTION SITE-- STARTING TO GET INFECTED. TOLD PT TO KEEP AN EYE AND APPLY TOPICAL ABX, NEXT DAY IN THE PM BECAME ALOT WORSE AND LARGER-- SENT PT TO URGENT CARE -PT THEN RECIEVED ORAL ABX."
"Vomitting, chills, fever and body aches. Went to Hospital."
"Tremors, chills and increased Blood pressure (190/60). No fever.  Headache and nausea.  Later in evening and overnight blood pressure low: 44/23 and 77/54 before recovering in morning to 125/86. Recommended that patient seek medical attention immediately.  Do not know outcome."
"Pt states had the expected soreness after the vaccine, then had shooting pain to the shoulder area starting on 11-11-2015 while playing basketball. Shooting pain continued if pt moves arm. At rest there is no pain. Region where the shot was given looks normal per pt. Pt states no history of unexpected reactions getting previous flu vaccines or any other vaccines."
"Vaccine was given on 11/11/2015. One hour later patient was dizzy and sweaty. That same night patient broke into a rash. Patient took Benadryl by mouth, which helped a little bit but was still really itchy. Patient is going to doctor and still has rash and itch."
"Swelling and pain in Left arm (site of injections), gastric distress.  Diagnosised as cellulitis"
"Stiffness in arms, legs. Unable to bend arms and legs."
"All night had chills, shivering, muscle aches, head ache, vomiting (one time in the middle of the night."
Rash--started small and then spread towards elbow.
Pain occurring during injections.  Pain did not subside after.
Patients states that once in a while he gets muscle twitching at the injection site and that it shock like pain.  The pain comes and goes.
"Left shoulder pain, inability to raise above head."
"Patient could not lift up arm.  It has been 3 weeks still in a lot of pain and cannot sleep due to pain.  Has been to internist, orthopedic and physical therapy."
"Shingles - Headache, fatigue started 11/7, tingling 11/9, shingles blisters 11/12/15."
Patient's wife came into pharmacy stating that patient was having pain in the left arm where the shot was given. There is no redness nor bruising according to patient's wife however they complained of muscle pain still on 11/16/15.
Patient returned to the pharmacy on 11/16/15 stating she was still having pain in her left arm where the shot was given. There is no redness nor bruising but she was still complaining of muscle pain on 11/16/15.
"I received the vaccine around 10:45 AM on 11/16/15 at Public Health. Around 7:45 that evening I was struck with a sudden feeling of weakness, dizziness, nausea and I became clammy (sweating around forehead). I laid down immediately and within an hour I developed a body ache from head to toe. The body ache lasted for several hours. The nausea and light headedness seemed to go away after I laid down."
"RIGHT SHOULDER PAIN, INABILITY TO MOVE ARM ABOVE HEAD. DIFFICULTY WITH FULL RANGE OF MOTION. SHOOTING PAIN FROM DELTOID TO BICEPS."
I have had left shoulder pain with certain movements since receiving the flu vaccine.  I am unable to raise my left arm over my head and can not rotate my hand into the supinate position.
"Awakened with vertigo and difficulty walking.  Usual wake-up time is not until 11am, so went back to sleep.  When I re-awakened, I felt a bit better but continued to experience vertigo, dizziness, light-headedness and tunnel vision off and on for the remainder of the day."
"Large red, raised hive at injection site.  Hive is itchy and tender; otherwise I feel fine."
"Approximately 40 after receiving Influenza Vaccine, Participant alerted nurse she was having difficulty breathing."
"Sore, inflamed right arm at injection site - son is reporting event."
"Per patients daughter, soon after the vaccine she had very bad congestion both sinus and chest."
"The patient is a healthy 7 yo male received FLUARIX (lot # not documented) on 19 Oct 2015. Mother states he received IIV and 3 days later noted a large area at the injection site of erythema, edema and warmth to touch from shoulder to 2/3 of upper arm. She thinks it might have been tender but he did not specifically complain. She noted no pruritus. She treated it with warm soaks and it resolved in approximately 3 days. There were no vesicles, urticaria, macules, papules or scaling. She states he has not received IIV since he was a baby and consistently has done well with FLUMIST."
Immediately arm started itching then redness and fever began. Called doctor 5 days later who recommended BENADRYL. BENADRYL controlled itching but redness and heat continued. On 11/14 went to ER confirmed that it was a reaction and gave her ranitidine and prednisone; seems to have helped but it made her hyper - a side effect. ER doctor noticed that redness spreading down arm. Today will call doctor to follow-up and see if antibiotic required.
"Vaccine at approximately 1530. Hives, dizzy, lightheaded, intermittent SOB by 1600."
"Pt started feeling pain the day after vaccine (01/13/15). Area is red and swollen. Her stated that he was in the ER due to the pain. It radiated across his chest. BP also increased. Stomach pain, feeble, vomit, diarrhea."
"After influenza vaccine injection at about 2:30 pm, pt noticed that (L) upper arm was warm to touch, painful with movement and had developed a lump the size of a golf ball then increased to the size an egg. Also developed mild elevated temp to 99 degrees F, headache, dizziness."
"Dizzy, lightheaded, claims drop in blood pressure (actual BP unknown)."
(L) arm edema/induration 7 cm minimal erythema and ROM secondary pain.
"Severe pain base of skull on Rt side, radiating to neck. Then resulting in severe headache. Felt feverish (low grade) no temp taken. 5 days."
"Pt presented to office today with redness at injection site of Tdap given 11/12/15. Arm is red, itchy and painful. Area is 6 in x 3 in around injection site. Dr examined pt, no signs of infection. Instructed pt to take BENADRYL and use cold compresses."
"Parents noted red nose on client 11/12/15 next AM client c/o itching and redness of Rt thigh, penis and between Lt fingers. Sx increased to include hives and taken to urgent care 11/15/15 Dx as allergy probable flu vaccine with Rx for BENADRYL and prednisone."
Patient states she cannot move arm and has severe pain. Saw a doctor initially who saw no problems. Had a massage which helped short term. Had ultrasound and X-ray at hospital which showed nothing. Saw Dr. who recommended PT (physical therapy).
I am having very tight chest feelings and feel like I can't take a deep breath. This has gone on since about a half hour after the vaccine was forced on me. My employer forced me to get this vaccine against my will or I would face termination immediately even though I requested exemption and was told I had to be compliant. My questions were not answered and were avoided and ignored. I was not given any information about the batch number or ingredients of the vaccine.
"Patient became dizzy and red spot at sight of injection. He went to the ER 11/5/2015 in the evening. The ER MD diagnosed patient with cellulitis, prescribed Keflex 500 mg po TID x 7 days. Follow up visit with MD 11/11/2015 resolved-no sequelae."
"Chest pains, Leg cramps, shivering, low grade fever (99.2-100.3)."
"Pain on arm started a few hours later. The pain was worst that night and lasted 24 hours decreased over 3 days 11/9 cough started. On 11/10 cough, sinus pain, sinus pressure body aches and fatigue. Fatigue and cough were the worse. Now voice is going. Took NYQUIL and cough drops  and did not help much. Started MUCINEX on 11/13. Went to urgent care and diagnosed with bronchitis. Was given amoxicillin. Has been sleeping for 12-17 hours per day. Has never received Flu vax before."
"Information has been received from a pharmacist referring to a 61 year old female patient with no known allergies and none pertinent medical history. On 05-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX, lot # L020482, expiration date 02-SEP-2016, 0.65 ml, subcutaneous in the left arm. On the same day, the patient was also vaccinated with inactivated flu vaccine in the left arm ((lot#, dose and route not reported). The pharmacist stated the patient developed injection site rash, left arm, post vaccination with ZOSTAVAX (date unspecified). On 08-OCT-2015 (""""3 days later""""), the patient went for her regular general scheduled appointment at her health care provider office, and lab work showed she had C-reactive protein in the blood. Pharmacist stated he was not sure if this lab result was due to the rash or not. No treatment was given for the events. The pharmacist stated the rash was not shingles, and was just a slight reaction. The rash had resolved on an unspecified date in 2015. The outcome of """"C-reactive protein in the blood"""" was unknown. Additional information has been requested."""""
Severe diffuse myalgias.
"Tactile fever, decreased energy, Motrin given around 4:00 PM he slumped over, eyes rolled back in head, drooling lasting 5 minutes, no tonic-clonic activity taken to ER."
Patient has reported persistent pain in the lateral right arm region since the time of the vaccine administration to the present.  She was evaluated by her personal MD.
"Received influenza vaccine left deltoid on 11/11. New onset skin numbness left anterior knee noted 11/13. Since then have developed numbness left lower leg, today advancing across right knee and into left thigh. Reported to employee health nurse today. MD appointment pending."
"Immunizations given at about 4:20 pm on 11-16-15. (PENTACEL, PREVNAR, Hep A, PROQUAD and Flu). Child cried after receiving vaccines and grandmother and aunt held and consoled child. Child already had some redness and scratches to face. But about 5 min after receiving vaccines while she was still crying, child started getting small raised bumps to her face, few on abd and 1 on arm. BENADRYL 1.5ml given po, bump and redness gone by 4:53 pm."
Rapid Heart Beat.
"Itching, hoarseness, headache, cold symptoms, fatigue - felt like I was going to faint after shot. Saw stars."
"Cellulitis of left arm. Tx with Rocephin IM and KEFLEX (po) pain, swelling, heat, streaking 4 in 24 h."
"Patient claimed she had nausea, vomiting, aches all over, very bad chills. She called 3rd shift pharmacist around midnight and informed him that she had gone to hospital for treatment."
"Hives, dizziness, BP 112/70-gave BENADRYL 50mg IM x 1"
"101.2 fever, joint pain, could not turn head, HA."
"Lightheaded, dizziness/vertigo, fatigue."
"Patient states she is having pain from shoulder to elbow, across her back an inch below her waist, and down both thighs to her knees - this was reported on 11/7/15 - vaccine administered on 10/15/15."
Rash and itchy all over body. Seen at urgent care. Given steroid shot and prednisone 40 mg.
Redness and induration.
"Received quadrivalent influenza vaccine mid-October 2015 in upper right arm. Started noticing itching and redness in stick area. Wheels/welts appeared, in addition to redness, on or about November 2, 2015."
"Lightheaded, dizziness/vertigo, fatigue."
"Patient has been in twice, complains about shoulder soreness, not able to move arm without pain. Also says it is cold in morning only left shoulder."
"Patient reported large, dark bruise from injection site down to elbow. Bruise noticed Friday 11/6, roughtly. Got worse then today (11/9) gotten a little better."
"Rash - face, neck, trunk, buttocks, groin, hands, and feet. Red raised with some blistering between fingers and toes."
"Symptoms woke patient in the night, day after receiving injection. Redness spans 9 cm by 7 cm and is warm to the touch. Swollen as well. Painful to move the arm. Treated for cellulitis with KEFLEX 500mg BID x 10 days."
"Patient went unconscious after receiving these vaccine, hit his hand twice and went to ER to be checked out."
Very sore arm hurts when moved. Nurse gave both shots in right arm still very sore 7 weeks later.
Rash on legs- 1 wk no itching more like red spots headache 1 week - Took TYLENOL. Tingling around mouth.
"Left arm with 6cm by 8 cm area of erythema without fluctuance noted. Area is tender and warm to touch, location of vaccine is 2cm above area of redness. No lymphadenopathy noted. Dx: cellulitis tx = BACTRIM DS 1 tab BID x 10d."
On 11/8/15 spoke with client. Stated left arm (upper) became reddened around shot site. Left upper arm very sore. States redness and soreness resolved on its own within 3 days. Did not see practitioner. Received influenza vaccination 10/20/15.
"1 week (7 days) after receiving vaccine developed 3"""" x 2"""" localized redness/erythema and itching. Has had 5/8"""" wide bruise since the day after the injection."""""
"Migraine headaches for 2 weeks without any relief. Have taken ibuprofen, aspirin. Even tried SUDAFED and nasal spray simply saline. No relief. Headache 7/10-> 8/10. Neck pain (R) side. Shot taken on 10/26. on Wednesday 11/4 vertigo started and has continued. Blurred vision on 10/27 and comes and goes. Father had Meniere disease."
"Headache, muscle ache, nausea."
Patient has redness on site of injection.
"Given: PREVNAR 13 11/5/15, localized allergic reaction (R) upper arm. Complaining of red, swelling and warmth (R) upper arm. Treated with diphenhydramine 25mg tablet. Use as needed."
"Patient reports arm pain starting the day after the immunization and continuing until today (11/17/15). Patient thought it would get better, but it continued to get worse. Went to visit with his primary care doctor in October to follow up regarding reaction. Doctor is planning on performing an x-ray."
"Had slight fever 11/11/2015, Hives on 11/13/2015."
"Chills, muscle aches, nausea."
"Headache, Sinus congestion, body aches, scratchy throat."
Pt was given HIGH DOSE FLUZONE 11/3/15. That same evening developed bad headache fever chills sweats x 12 hours.
Pt. reports that she received her yearly influenza vaccine on 10/28/15 during flu clinic and was fine until 1 week later when she developed severe right upper arm pain and had difficulty moving or lifting her arm. Pt. went to the orthopedist for evaluation and had MRI dine which showed a hematoma which the doctor thinks is r/+ the vaccine. Pt. treated anti-inflammatory medication (can't remember name) and has an appt. for repeat MRI with contrast scheduled on 11/7/15.
"Patient had chills, shakiness, and fever of 103 degrees F approximately 4 hours after vaccines. Redness/swollen injection site. Took ibuprofen 200mg every 4 hours. 3 days later still feels sick with temp of 99 degrees F and redness and swollen present."
Tingling feeling from top of left arm a little way to fingers - sensation is lasting 24 hours per day.
"11/9/15 - first ever flu vaccine given LVL. 11/10/15 - vomit x 1 , rash to left wrist, red bumps then spread to right arm, left foot, to back, no trouble breathing, no fever. 11/11/15 - saw doctor for vomiting, hives, doctor unsure if it was a reaction vs. viral illness. BENADRYL given in clinic."
"Sore, itchy burning throat, chest caving in, SOB, losing oxygen, wheezing. Went to urgent care where they prescribed albuterol, Proair inhaler, 5 days of prednisone and cheratussin cough suppressant. Went home still unable to breath after a breathing treatment. Went to bed and woke up Thursday 11/12/2015 with paralysis and paresthesia. Went to the hospital. They did a chest x-ray, blood work and hooked me up to the cardiac monitor. Told me I was obviously having a severe allergic reaction to the Fluvirin injection and sent me home. 8 days later I am still experiencing muscle weakness, face numbness, tingly limbs, severe chest congestion, light headeness, dizziness, SOB, paresthesia and paralysis. Went to the neurologist today for them to tell me to wait it out and see if the symptoms progress into Guillain-BarrT syndrome and that it is very possible that I have Miller Fisher Syndrome."
"Red and swollen left arm from injection site to elbow, very tender some pain."
"Experiecing severe pain from shoulder down to fingers. Specifically in the left arm, but the right are is also affected. Patient had difficulty moving arms without pain and sleeping was also difficult. Right arm resolved by day 8, left arm no improvement after 2 weeks."
"Patient said his arm was in a little pain after his vaccination.  He also received a Prevnar vaccination in the left arm at the same time, but did not have any pain in that arm."
Fever. Swollen glands in neck. Sore throat. Joint pain.
Patient's husband called and said she was feeling dizziness so she went to sleep.  On 11/11/2015 patient's husband reported that she was feeling better but had fever.  He was convinced that she had the flu and he was advised that the patient needs to see a doctor for an actual flu diagnosis.
"Dull, throbbing nerve pain shooting down arm of injection into wrist, up through shoulder and to back."
"Redness, mild swelling and itching in an area the size of 5 x 8 inches around the injection site. Lasting 1 week maybe longer. Applied warm packs to area."
"The patient was given a flu shot right near shoulder joint which was above the deltoid muscle on left arm. Even after 3-4 weeks, patient came to the pharmacy complaining about shoulder pain."
"Hands, feet and face swollen to aprox 3 times their original size. Took Benadryl but did not help."
"My daughter after flu shot has shown hives (red mapping raised skin) all over her body around 5:30 PM, 6 hours after her flu shot. Then the following day about 5:30 AM, and after being given children's Benadryl chewable tablets (2x) she woke up with tummy pain and threw up a clear but yellowish discharge."
"This health authority report (initial receipt 04-Nov-2015) concerns a  55 year-old male patient who had underlying conditions of coronary heart disease and renal insufficiency. The patient had not been administered with Afluria and Pneumovax 23 on the previous occasions. On 26-Oct-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 injection (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 0986-29701) for via the subcutaneous route on the left upper arm for prophylactic vaccination. On the same day, the patient also received Pneumovax 23 (pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine, batch number K010280) via the subcutaneous route on the right upper arm for prophylactic vaccination. On 27-Oct-2015, the patient developed fever, headache, pain in limb, feeling sick, infection, swelling arm and sepsis, which lasted for 3 days. The first day after the injection, the patient's temperature was around 40 degrees and 38.5 degrees on the fourth day. The patient had severe feeling of sickness. The patient showed other medically important condition. The diagnosis was confirmed with body temperature (result: 40 degrees Celcius), procalcitonin (result: 1,73 ng/ml), blood sedimentation increased (result: 84 mm per hour). The diagnosis was also confirmed by the following lab tests: 28-Oct-2015: lymphocyte count low (result: 4.3%), neutrophil count increased (result: 86.4%), GFR (glomerular filtration rate) decreased (result: 37 ml/min), blood creatinine increased (result: 1.98 mg/dl), white blood cell increased (result: 29.2 Tsd/l), and C-reactive protein (result: 153 mg/l). 03-Nov-2015: C-reactive protein increased (result: 28.4 mg/l), lymphocyte count normal (result: 25%), blood neutrophils normal (result: 57%), gamma-GT increased (result: 107 U/l), GFR decreased (result: 45ml/min), Blood creatinine increased (result: 1.68 mg/dl), and leukocyte count increased (result: 13.3 Tsd/l). The patient was treated with an antibiotic therapy. The outcome not recovered at the time of reporting. Reporter's Comments: Reporter comments: The regulatory assessed the case as serious (medically significant). The reporter assessed the causality as probably/likely in relation to Afluria and Pneumovax, reported that the adverse drug reaction did not result in hospitalisation, and reported  'suspected bacterial contamination of ampoules'. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus and the Afluria PI, sepsis and all other events are unlisted except headache and feeling unwell which are listed. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is next day of vaccination. Patient had history of coronary heart disease and renal insufficiency (cause unspecified). Cellulitis and cellulitis like reaction are known adverse events of CSL IVV and Pneumovax respectively. Pneumovax and Influenza vaccine were administered in opposite arms, however it was not specified whether Influenza or the Pneumovax vaccinated arm was the site/source of sepsis. Fever and investigation support infection (inflammatory markers, procalcitonin, WCC, neutrophils raised). Causality for sepsis and related events is considered possible in relation to both vaccines. Renal impairment (GFR decreased, Blood creatinine increase) may represent baseline values or worsening as a result of sepsis. Similarly raised gamma-GT suggests liver disease and or underlying excess alcohol use, therefore causality for these events is unassessable as baseline value was not provided. Causality for bacterial contamination of vaccine (ampoules) as a source of sepsis is considered unassessable; manufacturing process ensures that vaccine is sterile; however a sterility investigation is required to exclude influenza vaccine as a source of infection. Concomitant administration of both vaccines can cause systemic inflammation. However the events and results of investigations support bacterial infection, therefore bac"
"Patient reports delayed s/s patient reports SOB, mild fever, dizziness, cough, inflammation and redness to right deltoid. Patient was seen by PCP. Apply ice to upper extremity, BACTRIM PO x 2 daily, for 10 days, BENADRYL gel OTC daily, cetirizine 10 mg PO daily. Ret to pulmon."
"Didn't hurt where shot went in, pain localized to shoulder (front of shoulder). No bruising, redness, rash (just pain) treated with prednisone 20mg 2 qd x 5 days. Following up w/PCP."
Pt had a vasovagal episode and remained in clinice for 30 min observation.
"Pt described prolonged pain at the injection site, lasting roughly 3 weeks post admin. No other symptoms present."
Patient was given a high dose influenza vaccine instead of the age appropriate vaccine for influenza due to error in pulling stock.
"Onset of pain and swelling on right arm which grew large, hot and very indurated over entire upper arm lateral, anterior and posterior per patient. Lasted 1 week. She was unable to sleep with arm at side due to swelling. Did not seek medical care."
Fever of 99.5 and headache. Sent home from school. On 11/8/2015 continued to have fever. Was taken to local ER. Given IV fluids for dehydration and sent home.
"Eyes bloodshot, throat tightness, headache, chills, palpitations."
Rash.
"Sore to touch/warm, red/raised about 2 inches."
"NAUSEA, VOMITING, DIZZINESS, BODY ACHES, DRY MOUTH FOR TWO DAYS."
Extreme dizziness.
"LD area - redness, swelling, induration, tenderness, pain. Treatment - KEFLEX 500 mg 1 PO QID x 10 days for cellulitis."
"Patient c/o numb arm, upon exam by physician, arm was weak."
Significant erythema involving entire circumference of thigh.
Slight dizziness.
1 day after flu shot developed pain in ear for 2 weeks. Then rash on face and scalp. Over eye. Developed shingles.
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable physician via a Pfizer sales representative. A 76-year-old female patient received on 04Nov2015 a single dose of PREVNAR 13; (NDC number: 0005-1971-02; Lot: M16258; Expiry date: Apr2017), and a dose of AFLURIA; (NDC number: 33332-015-01; Lot: U51209; Expiry date: 30Jun2016). The patient medical history was none. Concomitant medication included Albuterol as needed, NORVASC 5 mg daily, COREG 25 mg 2x/day, CATAPRES 0.1 mg 2x/day, PLAVIX 75 mg daily, LASIX 20 mg daily, LOMOTIL as needed, LANTUS 50 units QHF, lisinopril tablet, 20 mg 2x/day (1 tablet twice a day), loratadine 10mg as needed, GLUCOPHAGE 1000 mg 2x/day, PROTONIX 20 mg as needed, ZOCOR 40 mg as needed and tramadol 50 mg as needed. On 04Nov2015, 1 minute after receiving the immunization, the patient got dizzy. She received oxygen for 15 minutes and after that, she recovered. On an unknown date she passed out. The outcome of loss of consciousness was unknown."
Patient described herself of having severe flu-like symptoms for 24-48 hours immunization...recovered okay.
"11/7/15 c/o itching at site, change in skin texture tiredness, joint pain shoulder and elbow. 11/11/15 had wife look at injection site. Redness/swelling. Stated taking ibuprofen."
"Severe shoulder pain and pain in arm, hand, fingers. Left side. Tingling in fingers. Difficulty raising arm, pain is constant throb took ALEVE and MOTRIN helps slightly. Pain in shoulder and arm have continued for 5 weeks. Seeing doctor on 11/9/15."
Shoulder pain radiating down the arm from injection site. My arm does not work like it should. I can't sleep because of the pain. I have tried Ibuprofen 800 mg and tried sulindac 200 mg. Does very little.
Shot administered at 10:00 am. Pt contacted Rph at 3:30 PM to inform tha lips began to swell. Referred pt immediately to E.R. and Rph informed PCP. Pt saw PCP - swelling resolved without tx.
Pain in arm instantly - rash on arm w/heat. Applied ice and received BENADRYL.
"Arm soreness, headache, severe body aches, severe joint pain, tremors, fever 103.1 F, body felt cold, cold sweats."
"Flu-like symptoms the day after vaccines administered (approx 10-12 hrs), low-grade headache, nausea, chills, slight fever, weakness throughout body. All symptoms gone the following day."
Patient was mistakenly given FLUARIX instead of BOOSTRIX. No other adverse events were reported.
"Patient stated she gets nervous when receiving shots and sometimes faints but want to proceed with flu immunization. She was feeling claustrophobic in immunization room and walked out to waiting room, sat down in chair and fainted. 911 was called and paramedics arrived shortly after. Patient was unconscious for about 20 seconds and bumped head on wall when passing out."
Patient erroneously was given FLUARIX instead of BOOSTRIX. No additional adverse events were reported.
"Mom noticed redness on left leg 11-10, redness was larger and leg swollen on 11-11. She noticed water filled blisters in center of redness on 11-12. Redness measures 10 cm x 10 cm, hot to touch. Rx'd SEPTRA susp. 7 mL."
"Received med at approx 12:20p, returned 25 minutes later with (R) cheek swelling near the ear, 50 mg Diphenhydramine, ice. Repeated med and ice later in day. No further problems. Swelling the size of large orange. No difficulty breathing or swallowing. US WNL."
"Seen in emergency room 11/15/15 for vaccine reaction. Diagnosed with cellulitis and started BACTRIM. Seen for follow up in office on 11/17/15, cellulitis improving. Patient to complete antibiotic and follow up if symptoms do not fully resolve."
"Developed itching, swelling, redness on left forearm after receiving varicella and hepatitis B vaccine."
"Received Influenza vaccine on 11/17/15. On 11/18/15 he woke up with pain in the left deltoid, at the area of vaccine placement, also he had all motion limited ROM of LUE secondary to pain."
"This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist, refers to a 60 year old female patient with hypersensitivity to penicillin (MARRS # 1511USA010009) and some opioids. There was not medical history. On 04-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX vial 19400 PFU, lot # L012476, expiration date 20-JUL-2016 (dosage and route were not reported). Also was reported that the same day, she received two additional vaccines; pneumococcal vaccine (manufacturer unknown) (strength, dose, route and lot number were not reported) and influenza virus vaccine (unspecified), reported as """"unspecified """"flu"""" vaccine and unspecified """"pneumonia"""" vaccine"""". The pharmacist reported that on an unknown date in November 2015 the patent experienced injection site rash and injection site pain, reported as """"the patient experienced a rash at the injection site which was a little bigger than quarter and which also the patient described as a flat, warm and little painful"""". The patent sought medical attention, returning to pharmacy, there was not laboratory diagnostic performed. The patient was taking an unspecified dose of BENADRYL to treat the symptoms. The outcome of injection site rash and injection site pain was reported as not recovered at the time of this report. Additional information has been requested."""""
"Started with headache and chills, leading to nausea dizziness, and cough.  Symptoms worsened the following day.  On 11/18 went back to doctor and received flu test. Tested positive for both A and B type flu viruses."
Rash around point where injection was applied.
4:38 pm rx note: PATIENT HAS SOME SWELLING IN THE ARM FOLLOWING PNEUMOVAX SHOT; CALLED IN TO ASK IF SHE COULD USE ICE PACK.
"Anaphylaxis- full-body itching, lightheadedness, scratchy throat."
"Symtoms occurred on day Day 5 after being immunized. The left arm at injection site presented reddness, swelling and itching. Patient self treatment was Tylenol Tablets and topical application of Cortisone cream."
"Patient does not report to the pharmacy until Nov 12,2015. Patient stated that she has pain on the arms and the pain is very painful like she had never had before."
"Day after vaccination had soreness in shoulder area as if she was """"knuckle-punched"""". Area tender like a bruise As of Nov 16 still soreness in shoulder area. Was taking Tylenol will switch to Motrin. Also using warm compresses."""""
Started as dull ache and has continued to increase to a more intense ache... taking Advil to be able to sleep.
"DEVELOPED FLU LIKE SYMPTOMS NEXT DAY AFTER GETTING VACCINATION, ON 11-2 GOT A ZPAK AND COUGH SYRUP, ON 11-18 GOT NAUSEA TABLETS."
"Per daughter, the day following the injection her arm was sore, but there were no visible defects on her arm.  She denied any weakness or tingling.  She says the pain has persisted for more than 3 weeks and her mother is still complaining about it.  She says Celebrex helps the pain during the day, but the pain interferes with sleep at night.  She has not sought medical attention yet but plans to call her PCP soon for advice."
"Approximately 6 hours after vaccine, began to have stomach upset and then later that evening began to have muscle and bone pain. Later that evening felt that heart rate was """"low"""" and that """"I couldn't get air"""", meaning was having some SOB. Also began to have rib cage pain and felt weak."""""
Fever and vertigo. Pruritic and swollen area at injection site.
"FEVER, COUGH, SORE THROAT, RUNNY NOSE, HEADACHE FOR 3 DAYS."
Rash on arm/sholder that the immunization was given. Appeared 2 days after immunization was given.
"Sre shoulder that got worse every day, significant pain on third day, acute shoulder tendonitis, impingement diagnosed Nov 16 2015.  Extreme pain and lack of mobility."
Severe left shoulder pain radiating into left neck/supraclavicular; associated swelling; eval by Dr. on 11/18/2015 and steroids initiated.
"Shaking, chills, rigor, high fever, couldn't sleep, no appetite."
Pt had flu vaccine on 11/17/2015. Stated no allergies and never had flu vaccine previously. Presented to clinic on 11/18/15 stated started to have severe itching 2 hours after vaccine. No other symptoms on exam - no hives or edema/swelling. Appears to allergic reaction from flu vaccine.
Severe back ache necessitating days off from work (until 11/18/2015).  Never experienced anything like this.  This is the only second time I have taken the vaccine.
"Severe rt. shoulder pain which spread to rt. neck area, down rt. arm to fingers, through right shoulder blade to lower back, through buttocks and hip to lower leg pain in thigh and shin. Felt very weak. Was in pain through the night. Advil did not help. Could not sleep. 2nd day more weak and nauseous from pain. Went to ER. Did nothing but give more Advil. Went home and slept for 12 hrs. Third day beginning to feel better, but rt. side of body still aches."
Arm became sore and is still sore with any motion - range of motion is decreased - still sore almost 5 weeks later - pt thinks the injection went in bursa sac.
Local cellulitis treated with clindamycin. Patient with cellulitis last year after FLUZONE UI71AC given.
"Pt has lack of mobility in arm, went to Primary MD, got muscle relaxants, still no improvement."
Muscle soreness/stiffness to the point where he couldn't lift his arm. Went away for about 1 week then came back and still cannot raise left arm. Flu shot was administered about 1 month ago.
"Patient received PREVNAR-13 and FLUZONE HD. Patient claims a large rash appeared at injection site of PREVNAR-13, 5 days after injection."
Patient felt light headed; fainted; 911 called paramedics checked BP and Blood sugars and everything was normal.
Trouble lifting arm (left). Could not lift arm over head. Pain in shoulder and middle arm. Seems to be resolving. Leave to high with shot pt felt.
"The patient said that 4 to 5 hours after receiving the vaccine for the first time this year, she felt a burning sensation in her sinuses, a low grade fever of 99.9 degree F and a headache and general malaise. Symptoms lasted for 24 hours."
Patient experiencing arm pain near injection site. Dull ache all the time exacerbated by movement. Started immediately after the vaccine. Patient has made an appointment to see his MD.
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 06-Nov-2015) concerns a 12-year old male patient. The patient had received a seasonal influenza vaccine in the past and the patient did not tolerate the previous vaccination. The patient currently was not taking any other medications, vitamins or herbal supplements. On 26-Oct-2015, at 4pm, the patient received intramuscular Afluria (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number U54806) for protection against the influenza virus. On 27-Oct-2015, at 03:00 am, the patient woke up and felt like he could not move describing it as he felt paralysed. He was also dizzy and weak. The patient informed his mother, who took his temperature with a thermal scan via his forehead and had temeperature of 101.7 Degree F. The patient was treated with acetaminophen. A few hours later the patient felt fine and went to school. The outcome was reported as recovered on 27-Oct-2015. Reporter's Comments: n/a. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus and the Afluria PI, felt paralysed"""" and other events are unlisted except fever and malaise which are listed. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is within 24 hours of vaccination. Patient recovered within 3 hours excluding any significant neurological event."""""
Left Arm swelling after Pneumovax 23 vaccine.
"12 hours after injection noticed injection site reaction - incrased pain, redness, swelling at injectin site 2 days after receiving influenza vaccine (L thigh)."
Patient received FLUZONE HIGH DOSE to the left arm on 10/21/15 and returned to pharmacy today 11/1815 and said his arm is still hurting.
FLUZONE HD was given on 10/21/15 and patient returned to pharmacy 11/18/15 and complained that arm still hurts.
"Pt called and stated he developed fever > 101 degrees post immunization with FLUZONE HD. Pt complained of feeling like he was going to """"die"""". Took Ibuprofen and TYLENOL - was better the morning (11/18/15)."""""
"Patient came to the pharmacy today, 11/18/15 to notify us that 2 hours after receiving immunizations at our store, she started to have SOB, tachycardia, respiratory rate 32, marble skin (blue/whitish), redness of the eyes according to her husband, who is a physician. Patient in good condition now. Patient symptoms improved about 5 hours after vaccine administration. No ER visit needed. Patient took BENADRYL."
Throwing up; hot area on arm; couldn't move left arm; very anxious; very sick feeling.
Dr's injection hit ligament gave prednisone.
"Localized reaction (L) upper arm after Tdap, MCV4 warm to touch, not hard, 4"""" area."""""
"Pain in left shoulder, that radiates into bicep. No chronic. Patient will make appt to see MD."
"Hematoma, arm pain. Next day continuous."
"Vaccine in AM. That evening, lightheaded, then syncope. W/U (-)."
"Deep cough.  Mild sore throat with mucus.  Deep, somewhat hoarse voice.  Weakness."
"Headache, nausea, weakness, pale. Onset morning 11/18/2015 and unresolved as of this report on 11/19/2015 10 AM.  Severe enough to miss school."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a healthcare professional on 05 February 2015. A 41-year-old female patient, whose medical history and concomitant medications were not reported, had received a dose of FLUZONE (batch number, cycle in the series, route of administration, site of administration were not reported) on 30 January 2015. On 30 January 2015 after later that evening after vaccination patient felt like fever, and next day on 31 January 2015 patient developed swelling in her hand and feet as well as hives on her face. Laboratory investigations were not provided and patient was treated with MOTRIN. On an unknown date patient had recovered from the all events. Documents held by sender: none."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a nurse on 18 March 2015. A 58-year-old female patient had received first dose of FLUZONE ID (batch number unknown) intradermally in left deltoid, on 10 February 2015. The patient had no illness at the time of vaccination and had a history of allergies to nuts and seafood. The patient's concomitant medications were not reported. On 12 February 2015, two days after vaccination, the patient had in the clavicle area a """"soft"""" area that was swollen. There was no soreness or pain in that area. On 17 March 2015, the area was still soft and swollen with no problem at the injection site and there were no limited ROM at arm, shoulder or neck. The patient was sent to emergency room for doctor visit. Corrective treatment and laboratory investigations were not reported. At the time of this report, the patient had not recovered from the event. List of documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from a physician on 20 April 2015. The patient had received FLUZONE ID (batch number was not provided) on 10 February 2015. It was reported that patient was send to occupational health for physician visit and previously it was reported that the patient was sent to emergency room for physician visit. On an unspecified date two weeks later the patient had recovered from the event. It was reported the patient did not receive any treatment by employee health or PCP. Documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from a nurse on 06 July 2015. It was reported that, FLUZONE ID was administered on 10 March 2015 (in initial report it was 10 February 2015). On 12 March 2015 (in initial report it was 12 February 2015), i.e. two days after administration patient had experienced """"soft"""" area that was swollen in the clavicle area. No new additional information reported. Documents held by sender: none."""""
"10-21-15 Spoke with client on phone. Stated broke out in hives on Saturday and neck was stiff. Stated she bath in some cream from the hosp. and was taking BENADRYL. States rash on back, legs, and neck. Strongly encouraged pt to go to ER. She stated she called Dr and can't see her till tomorrow (10-22) and instructed pt to make sure she went to MD appt if she does not go to ER. Denies trouble breathing. States neck no longer stiff. Went to see Dr (10-22) and BP 240/140 (NP) sent to ER with rash no better and elevated BP."
"Flu shot was given at 4:30 pm and at 9:00 pm I was having chills - fever - headache, all the symptoms of flu with temperature of 101 - had to take an antibiotic to get over flu."
"Fever, chills, joint pain, myalgia, restlessness, headache, loss of appetite, pain at injection site, frequent urination, back pain, fatigue, weakness."
"Chills for approx 1 hour, fever, and vomited day of vaccine administered and chills day after."
"Left arm is red, warm, pain, swollen currently taking Ibuprofen. 1 day after getting injection and still currently."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a non healthcare professional (patient's daughter) on 04-Nov-2015. This case involves a 76 years old male patient (age reported as 77 years) who was vaccinated with a first dose of FLUZONE HD via intramuscular route (manufacturer: Sanofi Pasteur, batch number: UI437AB, expiry date: 29-Mar-2016, dose details and site of administration were not reported) on 22-Sep-2015. The patient had no illness at the time of vaccination and no known drug allergies. Patient had a history of hypertension and congestive heart failure. Birth defects were not reported. On 24-Sep-2015, two days post vaccination, the patient started with a cough, fever and general body aches which continued since then and he had lost 15 lbs by the time of reporting. On an unspecified date post vaccination, he had suffered a cracked rib from coughing. Multiple outpatient doctors had seen him without a diagnosis. On the day of reporting, the patient began hallucinating and his wife took him to the cardiologist who referred him to other clinic. His daughter expressed her concern that her dad was dying and would not make it through the night let alone visiting the clinic. The daughter stated that she would be taking him to the emergency room for evaluation (the patient requiring Emergency Room/Doctor Visit). Laboratory investigations included chest x-ray, CAT (Computerized Axial Tomography) scan of chest, results were not provided. Corrective treatment was not reported. The patient had not recovered from the above mentioned events. Upon internal review this case was considered serious due to important medical event: suffered a cracked rib from coughing. List of documents held by sender: none."
"She shook, had a fever over 100, feeling sick last night nausea not throwing up. today pt feeling quezzie, sick no fever better today."
Burning feeling in face.
"Based on additional information received on 7 April 2015, this case became medically confirmed. Initial unsolicited report received from a non-healthcare professional on 10 Mar 2015. A 46 year-old male patient, whose medical history, illness at the time of vaccination were none and concomitant medications were unknown, had received first dose of ADACEL (batch number C4472BA, route of administration not reported on right deltoid) on 19 Feb 2015 and also received first dose of FLUZONE (batch number U5064FA, route of administration not reported on left deltoid) on 19 Feb 2015. Prior exposure to vaccine was none and other vaccinations prior four weeks of administration was none. On 19 Feb 2015 after vaccination, the patient had pain in his right arm and later when he was seen in the office on 27 Feb 2015 he was diagnosed with nerve pain. The patient had ER/physician visit. Laboratory investigations were none and corrective treatments include pain medications and NEURONTIN. At the time of report patient had not recovered from the event. Documents held by sender: none. Follow-up information received from a healthcare professional on 7 April 2015. Patient's height was reported as 193 cm (76 inches) and it was also reported that the patient was previously vaccinated with a intramuscular dose of Tdap (batch no C4472BA exp date 27 Feb 2016) intramuscularly in right arm on 9 May 2014. Medical history was reported as no known allergies. And reporting physician's details were also updated. Laboratory investigations includes body temperature 97.6 degrees Fahrenheit on unspecified date and blood pressure 98/60 mm/Hg and 107 beats / minute on 27 February 2015 at 2:19 PM. The corrective treatment includes Hydrocodone-Acetaminophens 5-325 MG TABS (1 tab every 6 hours) for severe pain and NEURONTIN 100 MG oral CAPS (1-2 caps three times a day for nerve pain)."
"Pt received Influenza vaccine in (R) arm on 11.16.2015 at 10:14. Approx 18 hours after vaccine, (L) hand pain. During evening swelling of hands and feet. (+) itching (+) hives (+) fever (+) pruritic. Pt unable to walk."
"Lethargic, weak, vomiting, nausea, headache, eye pain and blurred vision, difficulty breathing, labored breaths, gas."
Patients right arm is swollen from deltoid down to 3/4 the biceps and it is red from the deltoid to the elbow and it's warm to the touch and puffy.  Patient states that it doesn't and there are no limitations in her mobility.
"Patient got AFLURIA on 11/17 evening. 11/18 morning she woke up with swollen lips, swollen eyes and red eyes. Took BENADRYL felt little better."
"Per wife - patient had fever (did not take temp) x 12 hours starting a few hours after receiving the PNEUMOVAX shot. States on 11-18-15 Rt. arm was swollen from shoulder to elbow with redness and pain. States patient was very tired also. 11-19-15 - fever gone, swelling and redness of arm persist - but improving."
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of fever in a 9-year-old female patient who received FLUARIX. Concurrent medical conditions included allergy (unspecified allergies). On 12th November 2015, the patient received the 1st dose of Flu vaccine. On 12th November 2015, 12 hrs after receiving Flu vaccine, the patient experienced fever. The patient was treated with ADVIL and TYLENOL. On 12th November 2015, the outcome of the fever was recovered/resolved. The reporter considered the fever to be possibly related to Flu vaccine. Additional details provided were as follows: This case was reported by the patient's father. The patient had allergies on the day of her vaccination. The patient did not have a fever at the time of vaccination. On 12th November, within 12 hours after vaccination, the patient experienced fever, which then spiked to 102.2 degree F. The patient was treated with ADVIL and TYLENOL. The fever went away overnight. The patient's energy level was normal."
"Fainting, pale, clammy. O2 was placed on pt."
Patient started to experience pain at the site of injection approximately two hours after the immunization. She said now 4 weeks later her arm hurts when she moves it up or around.
"Patient complaining of limited range of movement on arm following vaccination, even after 2 & 1/2 weeks."
Developed localized redness to the injection site. Then developed reddened itchy bumps on trunk and left side of back. Rash gradually improved.
"Headache, body aches, exhaustion. No fever. No treatment."
"11/18/15, 7:00am woke up w/ a horrible headache, runny nose, sneezing, sore throat, all day felt extreme tiredness.  During the night of 11/18/15, her heart started racing and had shallow breathing, """"I thought it was the end,"""" didn't have chills, but couldn't stop trembling, horrible headache throughout the night.  11/19/15, cough, runny nose, bad headache, extreme tiredness."""""
Red spot on arm where shot was administered.
"Unable to lift arm past waist high. Continued pain and restricted movement for 4 weeks+ (ongoing. Visit to PA 2 weeks post-injection, prescribed steroid, pain/anti-inflammatory and sleep aid. 4 Weeks post-injection, treatment at chiropractor for bicep tendonitis due to restricted movement of shoulder from pain."
Patient believes that she has Guillain-Barre Syndrome from the Fluzone HD that she received from us.
Intense soreness/pain in the shoulder (site of injection) that lasted greater than 2 weeks.
PT STATES HAD PAIN RIGHT AWAY X2 DAYS .  FOLLOWED BY RASH & ITCHING STARTING SUNDAY 11/15/15 UNTIL PRESENT DAY.
"Flu-like symptoms: body ache, fever nausea.  Later, redness at site with palpable lump.  Hot to the touch."
"Excessive pain/soreness/muscle fatigue at the injection site (left shoulder), including a """"lump"""".  Pain lasting for greater than 5 weeks."""""
Extreme pain surrounding injection site. Unable to use my arm fully. The following day pain continued and flu like symptoms ensued.
"Patient states she has had a throbbing pain in arm since time of vaccine. Xray of the left humerus performed 11/19/15, result normal. Obtained CBC, results pending."
PATIENT PRESENTED WITH SHORTNESS OF BREATH AT ABOUT 4:15.  SHE WAS GIVEN 50MG OF BENADRYL AND ONE DOSE OF EPI-PEN 0.3MG IM. PARAMEDICS WERE CALLED AND ARRIVED WITHIN ABOUT 5 MINUTES.  PATIENT WAS TAKEN TO HOSPITAL FOR OBSERVATION.
"Patient reports dizziness and lightheadedness, room spinning."
Severe left shoulder joint pain and trouble lifting arm.
"About 10-15 minutes after the vaccine, patient passed out briefly. After she woke up all was fine. Paramedics called as precaution - she refused hospital transfer."
"(L) medial thigh rash 8 cm x 5 cm with localized non joint swelling rash is on medial thigh in between hip and knee. Ice, ibuprofen (OTC) hydrocortisone 1% OTC, Childrens BENADRY (OTC)."
"On 11/04/15, sharp aching pain in and all around deltoid and shoulder. The following morning, when applying deodorant, I noticed a lump underneath my left arm pit. I went to my job Employee Health Department as well as my private physician."
"Started not being able to breath, then chest pains (lots of pressure), then swelling in my neck, face and chest. this started within 20 to 25 minutes of getting the injection. I was on my way home when it first started."
"Patient stated that she woke up with """"intestinal tract twisting"""" feeling a throbbing headache, hoarseness and a decreased appetite."""""
"Rash, itching, arms, face and back. Red spots all over. Face Swollen. Medication administered at School -Nurse - Benadryl."
PAIN AND TINGLING IN left UPPER ARM. PERIODIC NUMBNESS.
"Initial unsolicited report received from a Nurse on 23-Jan-2015. A 21 years old female patient, had received a dose of MENACTRA via intramuscular route in the right deltoid (Batch number 44798AA, expiry date unknown), ADACEL via intramuscular route in the left deltoid (batch number 44971AA, expiry date unknown) and FLUZONE via intramuscular route in the right deltoid (batch number 41231AA, expiry date unknown) on 22-Jan-2015 at 07:30 p.m. There was no pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions and no illness at the time of vaccination. The concomitant medications included antibiotics which were stopped on 21-Jan-2015. On 23-Jan-2015, at 11.30 a.m., the patient experienced sore throat, achy legs/arm muscle pain and body temperature of 101.5 degree Fahrenheit. There were no lab investigations and corrective treatment was not reported. At the time of this report, the outcome of the event was unknown. List of documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from a  physician on 05-Mar-2015. It was reported that the patient had received the first dose of all three vaccines MENACTRA, ADACEL and FLUZONE. The patient had not received any other vaccination prior to these three vaccines and dose not have any illness at the time of vaccination. The patient's family had not experienced any adverse event after any vaccinations. The patient had received antibiotics as corrective treatment and stopped the treatment on 21 Jan 2015. At the time of this report the patient was recovered from adverse events. Documents held by sender: none."
(R) anterior thigh 10 1/2 x 13 cm increase warm erythema region.
"Patient experiencing """"frozen shoulder"""" saw a physician and stated it was from vaccine damaging tendon. Patient unble to lift arm above shoulder level. Was planning to undergo physical therapy to resolve."""""
Left deltoid tenderness and pain.  Small interstitial edema with muscle tightness with movement.  Onset-10/14/2015 to date. Treatment--OTC anti-inflammatory and heat.
9 x 9 1/2 erythematous rash area thigh (L) itchy increased warm.
Pt. reports of redness from elbow to armpit and approx. 6 inch diameter of blistering. Also low-grade fever. Onset 11/12/15 that evening. Cleared up 11/16/15 with remaining redness.
"Arm still sore after immunization. Describes pain as """"4"""". No redness, or heat or swelling reported."""""
"Since date of administration, arm has been sore, with pain. Describes pain as """"10"""". Reports no redness, heat or swelling."""""
Patient received a FLUZONE HD shot on 11/11/15. On 11/19/15 she returns to the pharmacy complaining of arm pain. Patient does not mention any treatment for the pain. She mentions a desire to file a complaint.
Redness in both arms after vaccines. No fever or discomfort. Warm to touch.
"Pt received PNEUMOVAX 23 8/31/15; fridge temps were off during that time and we were instructed to re-vaccinated. Pt came back on 11/16/15 and received PNEUMOVAX 23 in (L) deltoid and flu vaccine (R) deltoid. Later that evening arm became swollen, red and painful. Seen by provider following day on 11/17/15. Treated w/ KEFLEX and BACTRIM."
Rash left arm and is painful. Also warm to touch. Pt. given cephalexin 500mg one cap TID x7 days.
"This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist via a company representative and refers to a 72 year old female patient. The patient's relevant medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 22-SEP-2015, the patient received a dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 injection in the arm (dose, route, lot # and expiration date were not reported). It was reported, that on the same day and on the same arm, the patient """"high dose"""" of influenza (FLUZONE HT) injection (dose, route, lot # and expiration date were not reported). On 22-SEP-2015, the patient developed an unspecified reaction from shoulder to elbow on the vaccination arm. The patient sought medical attention by visiting an unspecified urgent clinic on an unknown date, in 2015. The patient was treated with unspecified steroids for the event. The outcome of the event of unspecified reaction from shoulder to elbow was unknown. The relatedness between the event and PNEUMOVAX 23 and FLUZONE HT was not reported. Additional information is not expected, as no pharmacist's contact details were provided."""""
"Red, itching, rash at shot area (R) deltoid)."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a Healthcare on 16 January 2015. A 7-months old female patient, whose medical history and concomitant medications were not reported had received an FLUZONE (batch number U5085AA), (dose, dose number were not reported), via intramuscular route in Left Thigh on 15 January 2015. It was also reported that the patient had previously received a dose of FLUZONE QIV Batch number: U5085AA, (dose, dose number were not reported) via Intramuscular route in Thigh on 1 December 2014. It was reported that 1 to 2 hours post vaccination on 15 January 2015 the child broke out in a rash on both legs and face. Stated the rash is red and blotchy and looks like welts. The patient required emergency room or doctor visit. Rash resolved overnight then reappeared on 16 January 2015. Laboratory investigations and corrective treatments were not reported. At the time of this report, outcome of the event was unknown. Documents held by sender: none. Follow-up report received from a nurse on 30 March 2015. It was reported that the adverse event was resolved on its own and no further treatment was required. Document held by sender: none."
"MIGRAINE, COUGH, FEVER."
"I administered the AFLURIA vaccine on 10-23-15. Patient's wife called 11-18-15 stating that her arm and her husband's arm was having pain in their shoulder joint, in the arm where the shot was given. She said patient could not lay on his arm at night to sleep. She said it was not the injection site but the shoulder joint."
I administered the AFLURIA vaccine on 10-23-15. Patient called 11-18-15 saying her shoulder joint had been hurting her since she got the injection. She said her arm had been hard to raise and she had difficulties dressing. She had history of bursitis. She had flu shots in past but it had never affected her in this way. Recommended warm compress and TYLENOL or ibuprofen.
"I was working on my car in my garage. It was a nice fall day. We got our shots about 4:00 PM at the local stored. The pharmacist gave us the shots. I got a flu shot in one arm and a pneumococcal conjugate PCV13 shot in the other arm. About 7:00 PM, I started to get cold, achy and tired. By 8:00 PM, I went into the house. I have never been that cold before. I took a long hot shower and laid down on my couch and spent the night there. In the morning, I went to bed and spent the whole day there. I slept all night and woke up on Thursday 10-15-15 feeling normal. It is the first time I have ever got a bad reaction from a shot. I did not take my temperature. I was really sick! I've been normal since the 15th. I did not go to the doctor."
"Sharp pain during injection. Has had left shoulder pain since, with raising and reaching. Pain will occasionally radiate down her arm, left side neck pain."
"Pain in left kidney area that did not intensify or diminish after onset. After two days pain traveled in a band around to the left abdomen region. Rash developed on abdomen on seventh day. Doctor visit. Prescribed anti-viral 5x/day for one week. After one week proscribed second type of anti-viral 3x/day for one week. By this date (11/20/2015) pain has subsided, rash is gone. Pain was never very intense (2 out of 10)."
"1:45 pm pt. received DEPO, HepA, GARDASIL and flu - five minutes later (R) arm was red around injection site. Pt. reported throat feeling like it was closing up. 1:51 pm - administered BENADRYL 25mg po. 2:00 pm - (L) arm started turning red where flu was given. Pt. started c/o mouth itching also redness noted at (R) breast. BENADRYL administered 25mg po again. 2:10 pm - c/o hands itching and hurting, states throat feels it is slowly opening. 2:14 pm - redness resolved (L) arm and redness at (R) breast slowly resolving, redness red arm decreasing. 2:25 pm states hands no longer itching, states throat completely open now. 2:50 pm states hands no longer hurting, throat remains open redness all areas resolved. 3 pm pt. remains stable. 3:15 pm - pt remains stable. Pt. instructed to call MD if any further problems noted and to call 911 if throat starts closing up or has difficulty breathing. Pt voiced understanding. 4:05 pm pt. discharged in stable condition with no further complaints with ride. Vital signs were checked after 15 minutes and were WNL and at no time was pt. in respiratory distress."
"Patient states """"the issue is in my shoulder, the pain started the evening of the shot and has been relatively persistent since then. Pain comes when I lift my elbow horizontally, and is worst when my arm is inactive. Moving my arm at all hurts when waking up."""""""""
"MUSCLE PAIN, RUNNY NOSE, LOW GRADE FEVER.  MUSCLE PAIN INTERFERED WITH SLEEP."
Patient called the pharmacy to inform that since she received the shot she has experienced an ongoing pain on her arm. This has been going on for 2+ months. There is no redness or nodules. No other symptoms except for pain.
PT REPORTS OF MILD COUGH BEFORE THE IMMUNIZATION. PT REPORTS OF VERY SERIOUS COUGH THAT STARTED ABOUT 3 HOURS AFTER THE VACCINE WAS ADMINISTERED AND LASTED THOROUGHOUT EVENING. PT REPORTS COUGH SUBSIDED AFTER 3 TO 4 DAYS.
"Patient came in with a rash that was approximately 3""""x3"""". Patient stated that the rash was itchy. Pharmacist on duty informed patient to take liquid Benadryl and call MD regardless if it improved or not."""""
"Red spots were first seen on the back of the neck at collar level. Upon closer inspection, red spots were noted all over trunk area including: back and chest areas. At the time rash was first noticed, rash spots were only on trunk, extremities appeared clear of spots. Child had slight fever earlier in the morning, but I did not take a temperature. As of current reporting date and time, 12:49 AM on 11-21-2015, child has red spots, rash, on tops of feet, hands, even on the palms, torso, legs, neck, back, scalp, face, ears, but very few on calves and shins, and none on the bottom of her feet. The areas of concentration, or large number of spots are the chest, back, neck, and face. No medication has been given as child appears to not be in pain or uncomfortable, just slightly more tired than usual."
Severe neck and left shoulder pain radiating into the area of the injection site on left arm.  Neck stiffness. Being treated with OTC pan medication currently.
"Pain redness itching lump and heat at and 1/4"""" around injection site. Each day since the lump redness and itching area has expanded. Currently encompasses a 3-4 inch area at and around site. Itching currently not as severe but involves a larger area and is not constant."""""
"Pain in shoulder and upper arm. Pain gradually increased over the following week, making sleep and simple daily tasks difficult. Pain has worsened to extreme levels....must take Tylenol everyday. Shoulder pain seems to be the worst in the morning."
DIZZINESS.
"Patient stated on the evening of 11/19/2015 that her arm felt sore and came back to the pharmacy on 11/21/2015 at 3 PM with pain, redness, and swelling at the injection site. Counseled the patient to take ibuprofen, Benadryl, and to ice the area and to call her physician.  Also advised the patient to seek urgent care if symptoms worsen."
Rash right upper arm. No fever. Rash faded over 14 days. Took prescribed.  Cephalexin 500 mg capsules to prevent cellulitis.
"Per Pt's daughter, He started experiencing a sharp pain in his left arm preventing motion from side to side and raising above head. Pt did not sleep last night and taking a Norco did not help with the pain.  Pain is a 5/10."
"Had shingles, flu and pneumonia vaccines. That afternoon got a massive headache, 101 temperature, chills, aches, vomiting cannot keep water down for two days. Next day. Headache and sight of injection the arm went into spasms and sharp pains. Next day: Skin is stinging on face and have very sore throat. Today: Still have stinging but moved to top of my head. Painful to touch. Developed a blister on lip with what appeared to be a puslike substance in middle. (I have never had cold sores before). Very exhausted still. Have read on line some people having same reaction as me."
"I have excruciating pain in the arm that the flu shot was given. I have almost no range of motion and am unable to do everyday activities. For example getting dressed & undressed, driving, carrying groceries, picking up my nieces and nephews and the list goes on. I have tried taking otc pain relievers, heat/cold compresses, tiger balm patches, massages nothing is helping me out for more than 30 minutes to a hour. At night I wake up in tears because the pain is so unbearable. I am wondering what went wrong with this years flu shot to cause so many people to have this issue with shoulder pain and how long will we have to live with it??"
"Swelling, pain, hives, redness, weakness in arm, warm to touch, and dizziness."
Fever over 101 for 3 days. Rash developed on stomach on 11/21/2015.
"Discomfort, pain and slight numb after sleeping on left side."
Sore arm getting worse after 3-4 weeks having difficulty lifting arm higher than shoulder.
"Sore arm getting worse after 3-4 weeks not better hurts to lift arm like fixing hair, fastening bra etc."
"Rash started on my legs and neck.  By the next morning I was covered with the rash, no fever, but very itchy.  Not on my face or hands, but everywhere else and very, very itchy."
"Patient informed me the day after she got her flu shot, that she broke out in hives a few hours after receiving the vaccination that got worse when she took a shower. She said she took some Benadryl that seemed to help and they eventually went away."
Pain in the shoulder.
Arm has been hurting ever since her shot on 10/15/2015. Pt states arm was bruised and red and feels like her bone hurts.
"Itching on back of head and neck, hives formed. Took antihistamine."
"Left arm pain side where injection was administered. Pain on lifting at shoulder, towards the front of arm & near shoulder joint, cannot sleep on left side. Pain is still present after 9 days of injection."
"Itching, hives, facial swelling."
"Fever to 104 day of vaccines lasted 2 days. Redness, swelling, pain at site."
11-15-15 right facial droop dx with Bell's palsy. Started on amox and steroids pending Lyme titer. Titer negative abx stopped.
"Shingles outbreak in area of vaccine starting about 1 week after vaccine, tx with acyclovir. Also had outbreak on back."
Local reaction on right arm. Arm began to swell up and was very warm. Pt went to ER for cephalexin 500 and PERCOCET on 11/9/15. She called to follow up on 11/14/15 that she's doing much better. She says it's clearing up good.
After receiving vaccine patient had shaking at night for 1 night. She was tired for 2-3 days after. Couldn't lift her arm for about 1 week.
"Swollen are from elbow up, moving fine, no temp, acting fine."
"For first three days after vaccine, patient experienced dizziness, difficulty breathing, and redness on the arm that Zostavax was given  that extended to elbow."
"Red, hot, bump on right upper arm soreness upon use."
Localized - inflamed red heated area. Pt saw her physician and was given cephalexin 500 mg.
"Patient was diagnosed by primary care and specialist w/rotator cuff tendonitis - was told to ice, rest and take anti-inflammatory."
Patient reports muscle pain at injection site on 11/22/15. Flu shot was given on 9/1/15.
"Patient received the shot on 11/18/15 (FLUZONE HD by Sanofi) - within 48 hours the patient became sore at the injection site - the lower portion of the arm became red, then turned blue in color with extensive bruising - 11/21/15 still sore and discolored."
"Pt. fainted within 5-8 minutes of IM vaccinations. Since that date he has complained most days of headaches, lightheadedness, dizziness phonophobia and needing to sleep more. Symptoms do not occur during exercise."
"Patient developed a large red rash (approximately 10 1/2 inches x 5 1/2 inches) the day after administration of the vaccine. It was red and warm, but patient reported no pain. Her doctors office told he to take BENADRYL for a couple of days. Patient reported to me that she forgot to take the medication, but the rash healed. She was seen by her physician's nurse for routine testing of INR for her warfarin when she reported the rah. The nurse notified me and requested that I fill-out this form."
Patient was given second flu shot (AFLURIA) instead of PNEUMOVAX. No adverse event - reporting for documentation.
"Syncope the day after vaccine. She has episodes of fatigue, dizziness starting after the first vaccine GARDASIL 5/15. Previously healthy."
"Low grade headache and nausea started shortly after the vaccine administration. On 11/12, started to have bright flashing vision and numbness in right knee with leg weakness. Also experienced twitching of eye muscles and odd sensation in right forearm. Father and sister also got flu shot at same time with no issue."
Acute onset of right shoulder pain with severe decrease in range of motion.
"Received vaccine on 10-16-15. Developed """"cellulitis"""" (L) injection site extending to lower arm. Treated with KEFLEX PO."""""
"4 days after receiving PNEUMOVAX, noticed pain in right upper lateral arm with redness and swelling. Also had sweats and chills, and felt feverish. There is erythema circumferentially around injection site and mild warmth. Placed on cephalexin x 10 days for dx of cellulitis."
"(R) thigh - area of redness, warmth and tenderness measuring 10 x 8 cm."
"Redness, swelling, and warmth at injection site."
"Shot was given too high up on left shoulder resulting in a dark bruise.  About a week later when bruise finally went away, began noticing pain and loss of strength in left shoulder.  Today, 11/23 I am having extreme pain and loss of strength."
"Pt stated having a """"bruised"""" feeling that radiated down his back and across his chest to his left shoulder. He said the soreness also radiated down his back to his belt line. Pt stated that the soreness was unilateral to the right side of body except his left shoulder. Pt stated soreness went away after about 1 and 1/2 weeks."""""
"BODY SUDDENLY FELT WEAK, TIGHTNESS IN CHEST, SHORTNESS OF BREATH."
Left upper arm persistent pain and weakness. Currently treated with NSAIDs and physical therapy.
11/4/15 Patient walk into clinic on 11/4/15 stating that since the day of the vaccine he has been on pain on his left shoulder and is having difficulty moving. 11/20/15 patient returned stating that he unable to move his left shoulder.
"My arm/shoulder (injection site) became visibly bruised, sore, and itchy.  It remained itchy and sore for about 2 weeks.  I've never had a reaction like this before to the flu vaccine."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 10 SEP 2015. This case involved a 74 years old female patient, who was vaccinated with an intramuscular first dose of FLUZONE HD in the left deltoid (batch number, expiry date, and dose details were not provided) on 08-SEP-2015. There was no known allergy at the time of vaccination and pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects and medical conditions included mitral valve infarction. Concomitant medications included """"pentapril melate"""" and """"amlodiire besylate"""". On 08-SEP-2015, in the evening, same day post-vaccination, the patient's eyes were itching and she developed hives on the arms and back. She was seen by a physician on 10-SEP-2015 and would be referred to an allergist. It was reported that the patient never  had flu vaccine before. Laboratory investigations were not reported. The patient required ER/doctor visit. The patient had not yet recovered from the above mentioned events. List of documents held by sender: none."""""
"Initial unsolicited report received from a pharmacist on 05 September 2015. This case involves a 67-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with first dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number: UI428AB, expiry date: 19 March 2016) via intramuscular route in right deltoid on 03 September 2015. Reporter denied any illness at time of vaccination, pre-existing physician-diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 05 September 2015, two days post vaccination, the patient developed redness at injection site, lump at site, warmth and red ring around injection site. Laboratory data and corrective treatments were not reported. At the time of this report, the outcome of the events was unknown. List of documents held by sender: none."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 04 September 2015. This case involves a 75-year-old male patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number, route of administration not reported) in the left deltoid on 01 September 2015. Illness at time of vaccination was reported as none. Patient had Sulfa and dye allergy, other medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 02 September 2015, one day after vaccination, the patient experienced high blood pressure of 20 points higher, shortness of breath and headache. It was reported that the patient received FLUZONE HD vaccine few times before (date was not specified). Lab data and corrective treatment were not reprovided. It was reported that patient felt better and """"the events had resolved"""" (There is a discrepancy in the outcome of structured field and narrative of source document). List of documents held by sender: none."""""
"Initial unsolicited report received from a pharmacist on 2 September 2015. This case involves a 73 years old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number, dose, dose in series were not reported) via unspecified route in left deltoid on 1 September 2015. Pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies and concomitant medications were unknown. Illness at time of vaccination was reported as none. On 1 September 2015 (within 2 hours) after vaccination the patient returned to pharmacy with pain and bleeding at injection site and also had pain in shoulders and upper back. The patient was advised to seek treatment from an emergency room or urgent care at that time. Lab data and corrective treatments were unknown. The outcome of the events were unknown. List of documents held by sender: none."
Reduced mobility (L) arm after injection.
"Initial unsolicited report received from a pharmacist on 20 August 2015. A 76-year-old female patient, whose concomitant medication was not reported, had received a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number: UI428AA, expiration date: 18 March 2016, dose and dose number were not reported) intramuscularly in left arm on 17 August 2015. The patient's medical history includes allergic to sulfa, cipro, celestone and gabapentin and also Hypothyroidism. The patient did not have illness at time of vaccination. On 17 August 2015, same day post vaccination, the patient developed pain in injection area and area was the size of a deck of cards which was fading at the time of report. Next day morning, on 18 August 2015 the size of a deck of cards which was fading at the time of report. Next day morning, on 18 August 2015 the patient had injection area redness, and the area on left arm between the injection site and her elbow was black and blue in color. Laboratory investigation and corrective treatment were not reported. At the time of this report, the outcome of the event was unknown. List of documents held by sender: none."
Patient received vaccine on 10-29-15 with FLUVIRIN shot calling saying red 3 inch circle around inj site. Flu site OK - went to physician told to take BENADRYL and draw bullseye around - think its just a rxn. Pt will follow up if needed. BENADRYL helped rxn gone down.
Red rash and itching on the first day last for 4 days.
10 x 10 cm red hot circular blanchy lesion around injection site. Slightly tender not itchy.
My arm is swelling very big. Very painful and itching.
"Received vax 10/20/15 by 10/22 noted pain/stiffness abductor muscles of hips - continued with hip pain, then around Nov 12 moved to shoulder - joint """"shoulder girdle"""" weakness from pain, stiffness, moving slower alt stiffness/pin. weakness in shoulders improve some in day, increased very noticeable in morning - difficult to get out of bed weakness."""""
"Call from client's neighbor/ interpreter stating client had """"big red, itchy, blister like rash"""" all over the body and scalp, """"low grade"""" temperature. Temp resolved after a few hrs, per caller."""""
"Approx 7 to 10 days after shot - felt very """"weird"""" malaise - headache - nausea - weak - tired - runny nose - slight cough - terrible digestive issues - abdominal pain - nausea continuous without vomit or diarrhea - no appetite last 1 month."""""
Mom states child c/o of sore arm evening of vaccination. She went to bed earlier than normal. She woke up at approx. 0600 with nausea/vomiting/fever of 101. Mom states her cheeks looked swollen and chapped. Her lips were also slightly swollen. We instructed client to go to PCP. Client saw APRN who states it was a reaction to Flu vaccine. Mom denies client has any allergies to food or meds.
Fever to 103.3 48 hours after Flu vaccine. No site soreness or local reaction.
"Pounding headaches and pounding heart could not move leg arm, nausea, dizzy, could not sleep. 2nd week, dr put me on a med pak for 6 days - +3 ADVIL - 4's a day. Symptoms slowed - but today, it is 4 wks and still hurt."
Per patient she could hardly move her arm for 2 to 3 wks & lost strength in same arm. Pain radiated up to her neck. Currently still has pain but not as severe as previously. Taking NSAIDS.
"PATIENT EXPERIENCED EXTREME FATIGUE, TERRIBLE CRAMPING AND HEADACHE, DRY MOUTH, DEHYDRATION, AND HEART RATE WAS MEASURED TO BE 130 WHEN TAKEN TO URGENT CARE ON 11/21/15."
Soreness in upper arm and shoulder. Constant pain and limited range of motion.
"Started feeling congested and coughing (strange cough). As evening progressed, by 8pm bones in mouth and teeth hurt. Then eyes were blood shot and swollen upper lids on face. Took aspirin which helped. Congestion pressure started. Sinus hurting really bad. Had headache but took aspirin even sinuses feel better. Called because it was scary when face started to get swollen."
"3:00 on day of shot pt had chills fatigue and shaking, headache."
Patient fainted and hit her head on the floor.  She was extremely pale and dizzy at this time.  Patient had shown anxiety like symptoms prior to injection.
Began getting hives through the night and next day.
"3-4hrs. after vaccine received, experienced symptoms of: chest tightness, wheeze, dry scratchy throat, itchy swollen tongue, gums, swollen around eyes, increased heart rate, tired, dizzy. Took Benadryl.  4-6 after experience cold sweat and fever 100-101."
"Pt states her arm was sore from the time of injection, but she developed a pruritic rash that radiated from her shoulder to her elbow over the course of the weekend. She took APAP and Benadryl with mild relief from itching and inflammation. Pt came to pharmacy on Monday with rash with erythemia, edema, and c/o pruritis. Pt was going to MD to have them look at it, but was not given any medication to treat."
"Pt wife called and said that his shoulder was extremely sore and shot was given too high above deltoid, in the joint fluid.  He had soreness, inflammation and could not even touch."
"Patient felt dizzy and fainted moments after receiving the Fluvirin.  Patient came to immediately and rested for a few minutes.  Patient was conscious but no aware of surroundings.  Patient stood back up despite recommendation to stay in horizontal position until paramedics came.  Patient's eyes became very dilated and went unconscious for a second time.  Patient layed waiting for paramedics.  After 10 minutes of rest, patient was coherent and responsive.  No further medical care sought."
"Pain at the injection site radiated down the arm.  It has been ongoing since 10/22/15.  The shooting pain is intermittent. No redness, no pus, and not swollen."
"This medically confirmed spontaneous report (initial receipt 09-Nov-2015) concerns a female patient who had received the flu shot for the past 7 years and had never had a reaction. She did not know if she had received Afluria in the past. On 06-Nov-2015 at 11am, the patient received Afluria vaccine (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 10849211A) 0.5 mL via the intramuscular route for the prevention of influenza. On 06-Nov-2015 at 8pm, the patient began shaking uncontrollably and her mouth felt sore and swollen. She also had garbled speech, the temperature was above 103 degrees Fahrenheit, tongue swelling, very irritable, and was not feeling well. The shaking was severe. The patient had strange dreams, which was out of the ordinary for her. The patient was scared and described the experience as frightening. She thought she was having a stroke. She had visited the emergency room and had an IV (intravenous) in her.  When she was asked about her diet, she reported that she had not tried anything new. The hospital did an EKG (electrocardiogram) and reported that she had an unspecified fever, dehydration and an upper respiratory infection. She may had a viral infection. Yesterday was the first time she felt 100% better. About 2 days ago, she started feeling nausea but she attributed this to not eating because she was feeling exhausted. She will follow-up with her primary care doctor on 13-Nov-2015. The outcome was recovering. Reporter's Comments: Reporter comments: The hospital would not say if the reaction was due to the Afluria. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus vaccine and the Afluria PI, upper respiratory tract infection and all other events are unlisted. Fever, malaise and nausea are listed. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is same day of vaccination. Event onset on same day is suggestive of combination of systemic events (fever, malaise), autonomic reaction (shaking) and or hypersensitivity (tongue swelling, sore swollen mouth). Dehydration may have resulted from inadequate intake due to other symptoms; collectively all events are causally attributable to vaccination due to temporal association. Neurological event (stroke) is considered to be suspected and not confirmed diagnosis, hence causality unassessable."
"This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist refers to a 60 year old male patient. The patient had no drug reaction/allergies. The patient had no pertinent medical history. On 03-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX lot # L002423, expiry date 23-APR-2016 in the right arm (dose, strength, dose number, route unspecified). Concomitant therapies included LIPITOR and an unspecified flu vaccine received in his left arm on 03-OCT-2015. Since the time of vaccination of ZOSTAVAX, the patient experienced tingling in his right arm from his elbow to his shoulder. The patient did not seek any medical attention. The patient was not treated for the adverse event. The outcome of paresthesia was reported as not recovered/not resolved. No product quality complaint was reported. Causality assessment was not provided. No further adverse event information was provided. Additional information has been requested."
"Fever, urticaria, pruritus and nausea vomiting. Hydrocortisone BID."
Patient report vaccine shoulder to feel stiff and painful ever since vaccine administered.
Pain in arm around injection site and arm immobility.  She claims to still have these difficulties now a month after the injection.  She has visited her doctor who advised she take Motrin and use warm compresses.
Temperature 101 degrees F. Chills. Ache over the whole body. Altered mental status.
PREVNAR 13 injection caused raised red feverish rash the size of a hand on shoulder.
"4 days following shot, Oct. 30, severe dizziness. Ringing in ear. ER->Doctor->ENT. Started 60 mg prednisone. Symptoms persist 2 wks later."
Bursitis in left shoulder - went to physician.
"Chest tightness, sharp pain in back, headache, eye drainage, swollen throat."
Patient developed rash/pain on inside of arm down until her elbow. Occurred within 24 hrs of receiving vaccine.
Patient called 1 week after flu shot administration to complain of diarrhea side effect.
"Weakness, coughing, breathing difficulty, dizziness"
Febrile seizure
"Rash over entire arm where flu shot administered pt had reported prior to administration, she was having difficulty with allergic rxns with food, medications currently but MD could not find out why. No issues with flu shots in past."
"Redness and pain at injection site -> given KEFLEX and BENADRYL. Dx -> cellulitis, no allergic rxn. Previous flu vaccine without issue."
Patient reports redness and swelling at injection site of PNEUMOVAX. She reported fever and chills as well.
Patient had a recurrence of migraines.
"Patient received flu vaccine on Fri. Injection was uneventful. The following day his upper arm was swollen. By the evening, the swelling progressed to mid-forearm. The following morning his hand was also swollen. He was taken for evaluation and given oral steroids. Swelling improved the following day."
"Nov 11, 2015, Hours after Flu vaccine- Nausea/vomting/diarrhea and fever. 3 days later- cough with wheezing- Following day to ER- Discharged on albuterol Neb Tx. Nov 21-22- another bout of N/V/D adn fever Nov 23- fine today."
"Dizzy, numbness in right arm, right leg, and right face.  Increased Blood pressure."
"Pt states 1 week after she got the PREVNAR 13, she got sick (fever, sweating, nausea). She believes it was related to her sulfa allergy."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a nurse on 30 JUNE 2015. A 55-year-old female patient had received an intramuscular second dose of INFLUENZA (batch number U5101FA, expiry date 30 JUNE 2015) in left deltoid on 29 JUNE 2014 at (21:00 hours). The patient's illness at the time of vaccination, pre-existing physician-diagnosed allergies, birth defects medical condition, concomitant medications and past drug history was none. The patient was vaccinated at clinic and vaccine was purchased with private funds. The patient had previously received 1 dose of INFLUENZA on an unspecified date in past and adverse event following prior vaccination was reported as """"denus"""" (not legible). On 29 JUNE 2015, at (22:30 hours) i.e. 1.5 hour after the vaccination the patient was not feeling well, felt weak and tired. By the midnight the patient developed fever and body hurt (date not specified). Laboratory investigations were reported as none and corrective treatments were not reported. At the time of this report the patient outcome was unknown. Documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from a nurse on 23 JULY 2015. On 03 JULY 2015, the patient recovered from the above mentioned events. Documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from a nurse on 11 AUGUST 2015. No new information reported."""""
Sudden onset of dizziness that has lasted 12 hours so far. Itchiness that woke me in the night and itching of head and face in the morning of 11/24.
"Body aches, dry heaves, loose stool, headache."
Rt arm swelling at injection site Rt deltoid.
"Pt stated she is allergic to latex, but has gotten flu vaccine in previous years with no problems. Pt received vaccine at 4:25 pm. Pt complained of swelling, redness and warm to touch symptoms at 8:50 pm pt took BENADRYL which helped. Pt came to pharmacy the next day and symptoms were less severe. Pt took more BENADRYL and ibuprofen. Seems to be getting better so far."
"Patient called 11-18-15 complaining that was breaking out, itching, and sores on feet and fingers."
Received shingles vaccine. Large red area developed around injection site.
"Received 4 yr shots and flu vaccine on 10/15/15. The next day, developed redness and swelling of both thighs and they were warm to the touch. No fever. Taken to ED on 10/17 due to continue redness and swelling. Worse in right thigh. ED placed on KEFLEX x 10 days. F/U visit in PCP office on 10/28 - Per exam pt had 3 cm bruise on later aspect rt thigh; no redness swelling or fever."
"1-2 days after receiving vaccine patient states localized muscle pain, tiredness and difficulty lifting his right arm. Went to MD 11/13/15 prescribed BACTRIM DS #20 now reported to pharmacy 11/15/15 states he still has no relief, has also tried oral OTC pain meds and topical OTC SALON PAS."
"Following administration of FLUZONE HD influenza vaccine patient experienced fever, malaise, and severe pain at site of injection. In past year, patient has received the standard influenza vaccine formulation and does not experience any adverse events."
"Arm became sore next day, progressed to cellulitis by 11/15/2015, required ER visit with IV antibiotics."
"Cluster-type rash on right upper back, including a central reddened area and blood-filled pustules surrounding it. Rash was itchy. Had appointment with NP office of Dr. on October 16, and was diagnosed with shingles. Received Rx for Valacyclovir."
"Patient experienced extreme shoulder pain.  Went ER November 16, 2015 diagnosed as rotator cuff tendonitis need to have physical therapy."
Swelling and pain.
Headache same evening. Fever and diarrhea day 2-3. Symptoms resolved day 4. Fever >101 and diarrhea resumed day 5. Symptoms resolved day 6.
"Soreness in joint, achy, painful, can't lay on that arm when sleeping, joint seems to catch or pop when she raises her arm. Has taken ibuprofen to help with soreness, but it has been 5 days and is still bothering her."
Pain at injection site and limited mobiligy in arm that vaccine was given in weeks after administration.
Pain during injection. Intermittent right arm pain since injection.
"Patient reports:  """"Writing you to let you know about my extreme reaction to the flu and pneumonia shots I got last Thursday. I don't know if this should be put in my records or not. I was fine for about 3 hours - then it felt like a train hit me. Chills that 5 blankets would not help, then so, so hot. That could have been caused by the 5 blankets I suppose. Then sick to my stomach. Then a little trouble breathing, then a feeling that my heart was beating a little too fast. When my head felt like it was going to explode, I screamed that I needed Tylenol. That slowly calmed all but the chills down. The next morning I was still quite weak. But got better as the day went on. By afternoon I was fine! Like I say, don't know if this should go in my records or not. I am perfectly fine now."""""""""
"When client went to get up after shots given she started posturing with her head and neck getting stiff eyes rolling back with arms having jerking motions. Laid back on exam table awoke within a minute and was confused. after 2-3 minutes was oriented to time, place and name. Continued to feel dizzy EMS was called. She was checked out and released after 20-30 minutes. Went home."
"Redness, swelling, soreness at injection site along with fatigue, headache and fever of 102F until 11/23/2015 at 4:00 PM."
"Pt. experienced swelling in her left arm and complained of pain from """"the top of her head to her fingers"""" on her left side.  She also felt knots at the injection site."""""
Patient complained of pain and bruising in left deltoid region of arm.
Bells Palsy.
Excessive swelling and redness at site with itchiness   Tylenol icepack Claritin/Benadryl.
"Fatigue, fever (101.5)."
Mild maculopapular rash on forearms and legs.
Soreness and rash at injection site.
"Evening of shot ran a fever, cold chills, teeth chattering, fever broke by morning, that's the worst of it. But my arm has been so sore - even now I feel it. Had it Sep 16 now Nov 13 still sore."
"Unable to raise my arm by evening, very painful and couldn't sleep on that side. It's a lot better but still difficult to raise in certain positions, seems to be in the joint??"
"Pt noticed morning of 10/25 deltoid of (L) arm inflamed, red, but not painful. Shot received 10/23/15."
"Mild itchy, red, raised rash, started the following morning on abdomen then spread covering body."
Muscle soreness - causing rotator cuff issues - Pt doctor said possible nerve issues.
Patient called about 3 hours after shot to say she had hives and itching that was spreading all over her body. She was told to take diphenhydramine and go to doctor's office.
"11/13/15  Itchy eyes, hands, then all over, faced swelled, SOB. 11/16/15 Taking BENADRYL - in PM, CLARITIN - IN AM, Hydrocortisone cream."
Pt. had unsteady gait walking from immunization room to just outside the store. Fell to sidewalk. Other customer notified me to check on him. Went to him and stayed with him while he regained strength from syncope. Verbal and breathing ok.
Seizure associated with fever 102 degrees by report approximately 1 min duration - records requested from ED. Will attach to form.
"Painful, red, swollen injection site on the left deltoid. Red puffy rash around both eyes. Nausea and vomiting. Patient is taking diphenhydramine. Symptoms started approx. 24 hours post injection. Treatment started approx. 48 hours post injection."
"Red at injection site and warm (hot) and achy, hard red area 3"""" diameter around injection site. 11-14-15 stills wollen, hard, and itching."""""
"Left arm with large, firm hematoma, painful to lift arm. True date of onset unknown-she could not remember when it started or when she received vaccine."
Child developed generalized hives after having flu vaccine.
"10-7-15 I rash flu shot (inactivated) at Health Dept. 3 days later I developed hives - red itching swelling around my arm, in armpit and up left side of neck pain in arms for 3 weeks afterward."
Pt passed out about 2 mins after flu shot - hit head on floor - no bleed. No witness by this writer. Attended by employee 1st BP 98/60 pulse 56. Pt conscious immediately. ? of seizure. No hx of seizures or adverse rx from prev. flu shots. 2nd BP 104/60 pulse 58. OM balance called stat. + came in about 10 min. Pt taken to hospital on stretcher - mom attending. Pt life in conscious stated. It was stated later that pt's eyes did roll back - not sure if after fall.
"11/13/15 itchy eyes, hands, back, face swelled, SOB. 11/16/15 taking BENADRYL - in PM, CLARITIN - in AM hydrocortisone cream."
"Whole body severely aches, muscle weakness headaches, pins and needles over whole body tired on and off every joint aches."
"Redness and discomfort to inject site 7 cm x 9 cm area of redness on exam, occurred approximately 24 hrs. after receiving injection. First time receiving high dose vaccine."
"Onset 2-3 hours after vaccine administration. Hives/rash on neck, chest, back. Redness in thighs felt. Patient took BENADRYL 50 mg which resolved adverse reaction."
Patient broke out in hives that did not require intervention.
"Client reports approximately 1 hr after vaccination. Client had 5 min of dizziness and """"eyesight diminished"""". Client did not pass out or lose consciousness."""""
"Pt describes red, swollen, itchy, mild rash at site of injection and states is warm to the touch. Patient requested we report. Appears to be localized reaction."
"Blurry vision, dizziness, fatigue, back pain."
"Pain in arm after shot, numbness/tingling in arm. Pain persisted for > 2 wks. MD suspected bursitis and prescribed exercises."
"Fever and headache.  Pain at vaccination site. Allergy on the body -> Allegra 18D , beclomethasone dipropionate."
Wrong vaccine given - adult hepatitis A given. No adverse reaction/event.
"(R) upper arm became edematous, red, hot to the touch and painful M.D. ordered Naproxen 500 mg BID and pt instructed to apply ice."
Throat started to feel as if I needed to clear it.  Soon felt as if I had swallowed a walnut.  Eyes began to swell shut.  Immediately took two Benadryl capsules by mouth and followed up with two more 2 hours later.
"Patient presents symptoms of hives, rash, and swelling in hands. No shortness of breath and no chest pain were reported."
Patient reported that her right arm was still extremely sore three weeks after receiving Prevnar13 vaccine.  Advised her to take Tylenol for the pain based off med profile as well as increase arm movement.
"Both feet swollen, generalized muscle weakness, worse in BLE.  Generalized joint pain."
Patient was given the vaccine by a fellow nursing student at a vaccine clinic.  Patient starting having significant pain in her shoulder and inability to raise or move her shoulder.
"45 min after flu injection, participant reported numbness and  to left arm and fingertips. she was advised to follow up with physician if pain persists. Participant stated she felt fine and after assessed by the nurse."
Patient reported arm is swollen below injection site and is about the width of a golf ball.
"Large local reaction with erythema, edema, severe pruritus from shoulder to elbow."
"Patient received the vaccine yesterday and a few hours later she started having generalized body aches and pain/swelling at vaccine area. She took TYLENOL and THERAFLU, but could not sleep all night due to aches."
"Client experienced widespread hives two days after the pediatric flu #1 was given. Client visited emergency room and was treated with a 5 day corticosteroid regimen. Today, 11-25-15, client's hives are still present but better than yesterday."
"Immediately after administration pt had palpable lump from about 1"""" in diameter and visible to the eye."""""
"(R) deltoid where both vaccines given was red and swollen, not that hot to touch. Think was PNA shot D/T has had Flu before w/o issues."
"Raised red 2 x 2 area on left deltoid. Hot to the touch, remained red and raised for several days."
"Large amount of redness (L) upper arm, swelling in entire armpit. Swollen lymph nodes in axillary region. This lasted for almost 1 1/2 months (7 weeks)."
"Pt received single dose Flu vaccine in (L) deltoid on 11/11/15. Next day school nse notes arm red, hot; swollen and painful. Eval in office -> 9x13 cm red, warm, indurated (L) deltoid, able to lift arm 45 degrees but unable to lift to shoulder level. 11/15/15 redness resolved, still sl warm and swollen."
"None. 11/25/15 T/C contacted mom for f/u to check status of child, child doing well, denies any problems and he is well."
5 cm area of erythema and tenderness beginning 1 wk after vaccine at site.
No adverse event reported. Pt was given vaccine too early per guidelines for time between PNEUMOVAX 23 (given 7/7/15) and PREVNAR 13 (given 10/14/15).
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable nurse via a Pfizer sales representative. A 17-year-old female patient received TRUMENBA (Lot# L13514, Exp. date 21Feb2016, NDC 0005010010, UPC 300050100102) intramuscularly in the left deltoid muscle, on 06Oct2015 at 02:30 pm, at 0.5 ml single, for immunization to protect her from meningococcal b. Relevant medical history was not reported. Concomitant medications included flu vaccine (unspecified trade name) (Lot # U5304AB, Exp. date 30Jun2016, NDC 4928141510, UPC 4928141510) on 06Oct2015 at 12:00 pm, in the right deltoid, for immunization; LOESTRIN for birth control and cetirizine (unspecified trade name) tablet at 10 mg once a day for environmental allergies. The patient was fine after the vaccine but that night, on 06Oct2015, the injection site was very sore and she was so sore she couldn't lift her left arm, her mom had to wash her hair. The following morning, on 07Oct2015, the patient's whole left side was in a lot of pain. There had been no rash or swelling or redness, just the pain on the left side of her body. Therapeutic measures were taken as a result of pain and pain in extremity and included treatment with ADVIL 200 mg, at 2 dosage forms (400 mg) on 07Oct2015 at 6:30 am. The outcome of the event 'injection site was very sore' was not reported. The other events were not recovered at the time of this report and, on the contrary, they worsened. Follow-up (07Oct2015-08Oct2015-09Oct2015): new information received from a contactable nurse via a Pfizer sales representative includes: clinical course, outcomes changed to not recovered."
"Patient began with injection site pain, lethargy, stomach pain, runny nose worsening, urinary hesitancy."
Musculoskeletal effects ù muscle pain in injection arm. Patient received prednisone from doctor visit.
10/30/15 I was notified by client's interpreter that client was pregnant.  Pregnancy tests on 09.25.15 and 10.09.15 were negative.  Pregnancy test 10.30.15 is positive.
"Redness, swelling, pain at injection site. Symptoms lessened after 6-7 days but still remain on 11/25."
"Pt stated that itching, redness, and swelling started approximated 3 to 4 days after receiving her vaccinations. Pt stated that the spot started small and has spread to wrap around her arm."
"Immediately after receiving the vaccine, acquired hives on his face. The hives spread to both arms and the right side of his chest. Monitored in clinic for about 45 minutes.  Dr told mom it is ok to give OTC Benadryl."
"The immunization was given at 10:30 am.  The frist hive was seen by his left eye around 11:30 am, which progressed to left ear and below mouth. He was seen at 4pm in clinic, there were multiple hives on his back, torso and extremities.  Dr sent in a prescription for oral children's Benadryl."
Extreme soreness which prevents the movement of my arm in all directions without causing sharp pain. I also got bruising in the area with redness (small bumps) around injection site.
"Right shoulder vaccination site has been continuously sore since injection 3 weeks ago. Pain and muscle tension migrated across RIGHT neck to LEFT neck, then RIGHT neck, then RIGHT forearm, then RIGHT bicep over ten days. Right arm is mildly weak now. Any muscle movement of right shoulder causes right shoulder moderate pain now."
"Flu like symptom for 3-4 days, fever, sore, throat, body aches, nausea, headache, eye pressure. Back of arm and lower arm was bruised and sore for approx 7-10 days. All resolved except for eye pressure, headache, and unbalanced, muscle weakness. This continues, neurologist consulted."
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 12-Nov-2015) concerns a 77 year old female patient. Concomitant medication was not reported. Patient's past drug therapy included receiving Afluria 2014/2015 (on 15-Oct-2014) which was tolerated. On 21-Oct-2015, the patient received intramuscular Afluria 2015/2016 (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 098629701). On 22-Oct-2015, two days after vaccination, the patient developed arthritis, lasting for unknown. The outcome was reported as not recovered. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The authority reported oligoarthritis. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine, and the Afluria PI, arthritis and oligoarthritis are unlisted. Causality: Unassessable. Time to onset is next day of vaccination. Of note patient was of advanced age. Type of arthritis, mode of diagnosis was not specified."
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 13-NOv-2015) concerns a 54 year old male patient. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 07-Oct-2015, the patient received intramuscular Afluria 2015/2016 (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 098629401) for prophylactic vaccination. On 07-Oct-2015, about 20 minutes after vaccination, the patient had furry feeling perioral and in the right lower arm (contralateral to the arm, which received the vaccination). Additionally, the patient also developed marked general lassitude. The symptoms abated over time. After approximately 5 hours, the symptoms had stopped completely. On 08-Oct-2015 after vaccination, the patient developed immediate allergic reaction, lasting for 5 hours Outpatient treatment was not necessary. The outcome was reported as recovered. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus vaccine and the Afluria PI, lassitude and perioral, right arm furry feeling is unlisted. Allergic reaction is listed. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is same day for some events and next day for allergic reaction. The events described are not consistent with typical immediate hypersensitivity reaction."
"Tingly head, nausea, headache, muscle aches."
"Developed a 10 cm ring of pink skin on the upper left arm centered at vaccine site, slightly tender and warm, was still present at office visit 11/25/2015."
Bells Palsy developed within 24 hours of vaccination for influenza.
INTENSE BACK MUSCLE PAIN.
"Patient states are after Prevnar13 got progressivly inflamed, hot and painful. Patient went to PCP on 11/13/2015, who said that the Prevnar was leaking out of muscle tissue into subcutaneos tissue.  Patient was treated with Bactrim DS antibiotic and Prednisone."
"Pain with shoulder rotation. Some movements begin with a sort of locked inhibition to move, forced motion causes a burst of pain. Could not continue normal exercise routine. Push ups exacerbate shoulder pain."
"Flu shot and pneumonia vaccination last week on the 24th. Arm was sore in a few hrs, that evening was worse. The next day could barely lift arm or use it. Also had low grade fever, chills, and headache. Nausea but no vomiting. Appetite was decreased. No diarrhea. Yesterday was a bit better, could eat. Arm less sore. Last night had some night sweats, noticed red patch over the left upper arm. Could have been there yesterday but did not notice. Took Dayquil for the flu like symptoms, took Advil yesterday. Did help some. Has had flu shots in the past--has been several years. No known allergies. This was his first pneumonia vaccination. ROS still has mild headache. Patient was seen today for allergic reaction. Appears to be a local vaccination reaction with some flu like symptoms. Recommend NSAID and ICE, rest. Watch area of erythema for increasing area, worsening induration or increased pain. Come in to the IC if worse. At this point there does not appear to be any infection but if worsening do not hesitate to be seen again. In the future do not get vaccinations together. Likely not an allergy, but use caution for vaccinations in the future."
"Persistent soreness in arm. Patient has used a heating pad, but has not felt any relief."
Syncope 5 minutes after administration of Fluvirin mdv vaccine. Patient regained consciousness within 30 seconds.
Swelling and redness of a roughly 6 inch diameter around injection site in right arm.
Patient developed a rash over her trunk that spread towards the extremities.  She has been getting flu shots for over 20 years (and had gotten the Fluzone High-Dose in 2014 as well as this year); she has never had a reaction before. She is unaware of any other possible causes for the rash. She was not in any discomfort from the rash.
Arm was painful at injection site. Arm has continued to be painful over period of time since vaccine administered. Patient finds it difficult to raise arm above shoulder.
Consistently running fever over 101 for 7 days (and still going) following vaccine. No known source.
"Hives, rash left side of trunk.  Vaccine given in left arm."
"Patient received the high dose flu vaccine. Patient had received the regular flu vaccine in the past, but this was his first time receiving the high dose version. There were no known allergies and no other contraindications. Within 10 minutes of vaccine administration, patient began sweating profusely and experienced a dry mouth. Patient was given oral diphenhydramine 50mg and also had two small glasses of water. Within 5-10 minutes of taking the diphenhydramine dose, all symptoms of an allergic reaction had subsided, and BP & pulse were both normal. Patient left the pharmacy (feeling better) about half an hour after receiving vaccine. This vaccine was added as an allergy to the patient's profile at our pharmacy. Patient said he would inform his primary care doctor about the allergic reaction to Fluzone High-Dose."
5 hours after receiving Pneumovax vaccine Patient complained of Deltoid pain and severe pain in the elbow of the right arm that was her vaccinated arm. Patient went to the ER for treatment. She was treated with Dilaudid.
"ABOUT 1.5 HOURS AFTER THE SHOT PT STARTED TO EXPERIENCE IMPAIRED MOTOR SKILLS- SPECIFICALLY TROUBLE WALKING- """" FELT LIKE FEET WERE DISCONNECTED FROM LEGS"""" AROUND 11PM PT HAD FEVER/ CHILLS AND EXTREME BODY ACHES """" FELT LIKE RUN OVER BY A TRUCK"""", HAD TO CALL IN SICK TO WORK. RECOVERED IN ABOUT 24 HOURS."""""
Patient started with low grade fever that culminated with pt having fever of 105.6 degrees on 11/16/15.
The patient has been diagnosed with Shingles per his physician.
"Ongoing symptoms: severe nausea, dizziness, body aches, chills. Have tried Tylenol and Advil but symptoms are persisting."
Pateint recieved the Flu vaccine and was able to leave the administration area under his own power.  He was walking back to the pharmacy bench when he lost consciousness and passed out resulting in him striking the floor with the back of his head.  When we came to he was in pain and disoriented.
"Patient developed signs of syncope after Afluria and Adacel administered. Paleness, sweating, nausea, weakness and visual disturbances."
Patient reports pain in the injection site arm when arm is moved in forward and across movement at injection site.
"Within an hour a bruise appeared at injection site and grew to 1 1/2"""" circle. Over the weeks pain grew at the site and swelling appeared beneath the site. Still have pain in upper arm."""""
Fever severe rash that appeared like the measles and caused severe itching and discomfort. Doctor did not give any treatment.
"Vomiting, diarrhea, weakness, low fever. Lasted 4 days resulting in weight loss."
Severe stomach pain on the left side. It felt like acid coming up to my esophagus. The pain was severe like a heart burn from my heart to the left side of my rib cage. I am still not healed. Every year I have nose bleeds that last a month or two after flu shot. I also had shortness of breath. This was reported to the pharmacy I had the flu shot at and also to my doctors office.
Pink eye.
"This case was reported by a other health professional via call center representative and described the occurrence of paralysis in a 43-year-old female patient who received BEXSERO (batch number 148901, expiry date 1st September 2016). Concomitant products included FLUARIX. On 15th October 2015, the patient received the 1st dose of BEXSERO. On 15th October 2015, 12 hrs after receiving BEXSERO, the patient experienced extensive swelling of vaccinated limb, injection site induration and injection site pain. On 3rd November 2015, the patient experienced paralysis (serious criteria GSK medically significant). On an unknown date, the outcome of the paralysis, extensive swelling of vaccinated limb, injection site induration and injection site pain were not recovered/not resolved. The reporter considered the paralysis to be possibly related to BEXSERO. The reporter considered the extensive swelling of vaccinated limb, injection site induration and injection site pain to be probably related to BEXSERO. Additional details were provided as follows: The reason patient was given BEXSERO was due to splenectomy. The patient also received FLUARIX on the same day but in separate arm. The health care professional reported that the patient received BEXSERO and within 12 hours the patient developed pain, swelling and an induration at the injection site. The swelling and pain increased to axillary lymph nodes. Also two and half weeks later patient at the time of reporting had paralysis of the pinky finger in arm where shot was given."
"Muscle pain, persistent for several weeks."
None stated.
Muscle soreness lasting more than 2 weeks and difficulty with range of motion when lifting arm.
Very painful to move arm and red bumps developed 1 week later that have gone away with BENADRYL.
Patient had red swollen area around the injection site on her left deltoid. It was warm to touch 48 hours after vaccination. Pt stated itstarted to get sore and red around 8-10 hours after injection.
"Employee flu, vaccine give left upper arm. Hurt a little as fluid injected, but seemed normal injection, achy as usual following day. With 1-2 days it continued to be nagging, but was having spasms/tightness. After a couple of weeks spread to tightness in shoulder and neck, incorporated left shoulder blade. I first thought it would go away. Taking TYLENOL 2-3 x day since beginning, recently tried muscle relaxants; routine visit with chiropractor suggest PT and see PCP for continued spasms/tightening-> saw PCP starting PT scan and PCP said I should call Employee Health."
At 2:35 PM pt had lower back pain and increased thirst for 10-15 min following IM FLUZONE HD. After event pt was anxious and had friend take him to ER. He was observed and released. At 9PM pt woke up diaphoretic went to ER was observed and released.
"Sore arm, dizziness, rash lasting unitl present day. Was sore."
"30 minutes after receiving injection her hands, face and arms began to turn red. Her eyes lids became swollen, she developed swelling at injection sight, and she started itching all over her body. Employee was given 25 mg of BENADRYL."
Muscle soreness for 2 weeks. Following Flu shot in Left Deltoid the pain has increase as week when on.
"Swelling, redness and large blisters (L) upper arm at site of PCV 13 injection."
Both arms got very sore when the pt went home and continued on up to this date; Pt's arm hurt when lifting any object. His right arms hurts the most.
Patient has not reported any adverse events. (Duplicate flu shot and FLUZONE HD given within last 4 weeks of each other -> 1 shot at Dr. office and 1 shot at pharmacy).
Patient has not reported any adverse events. (Duplicate flu shot - FLUZONE HD - given within last 4 weeks of each other). One also given at Dr. office and one at pharmacy.
"*Injection very high on shoulder, into rotator cuff and bursa. *Rotator cuff tendonitis, capsulitis, fluid surrounding biceps tendon. *Corticosteroid injections by orthopedic. *Continued physical therapy."
"Pt has two blisters around the injection site that appeared on 11/25/15 (the day after the shot). Pt started itching the morning of 11/27/15 on the upper arm around the injection site. Pt says she is feeling ok, in general. First blister = small 11/25/15 1 AM. Second blister = bigger 11/25/15 10 AM."
"Patient noticed rash on left arm at injection site circular rash 1 1/2 inches to 2 inches diameter. Warm to touch, sensitive> Noticed 2 days later 11/25/15. Saw dr on same day 11/25/15.Dr prescribed antibiotic (cephalexin) and TYLENOL. Rash cleared up by next day - 11/26/15 per patient."
"Pt had reaction to unknown vaccine several years ago, had flu vaccine last year without any reaction. Once vaccine was administered, pt became hot and passed out. Woke up feeling ok and able to communicate effectively. Patient moved while unconscious, unknown whether or not convulsions."
(L) deltoid tendonitis.
"Some hand, wrist swelling on opposing arm from vaccine, muscle aches, joint pain, excessive fatigue, shoulder pain."
"Severe shoulder pain has lasted 7+ weeks since injection, no prior pain before injection.  Xray, ultra sound and MRI show tear of Supraspinatus tendon."
"I was 5 weeks, 6 days pregnant at the time of the flu shot vaccination.  I had an ultrasound on 11/18/15 which demonstrated growth of only 6 weeks and 2 days, no fetal heartbeat.  Ultrasound on 11/25/15 confirmed previous findings."
"This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a field representative refers to a 12 year old female patient. No medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medication was reported. On an unknown date in August 2015, the patient received her first dose of GARDASIL 9 with no complications reported. On 03-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the second dose of GARDASIL 9 intramuscularly, 0.5 ml, (lot # was not provided). Other suspect therapies included unspecified quadrivalent influenza virus vaccine (lot #, dose, manufacturer and route were not reported) given during the same vaccination session. On the same date, the patient experienced lightheadedness, dizziness and headache in the waiting room after her visit with the physician. The patient was monitored for 20 minutes after this episode of """"lightheadedness and dizziness"""", and then was sent home. On 04-NOV-2015 (reported as the following day), she was examined by the physician in a follow-up appointment because she was still experiencing a headache, rated a 4 out of 10 on the pain scale. The physician recommended ibuprofen for the headache, but it """"didn't seem to help the headache"""". On 06-NOV-2015, the patient still did not recovered, so the physician instructed family to consult her on Monday (09-NOV-2015), if the patient was still not feeling well on that day. The physician was assuming that since no further contact had been made since 06-NOV-2015, the patient had recovered. Relatedness between the events and suspect products was not specified. According to the representative this event had been reported to Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS). This is one of the several reports from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested."""""
Pt stated he has an itchy shoulder a couple times a week since his flu shot.
"Within 24 hours upon receiving AFLURIA 2015-2016 seasonal flu vaccine, patient's left arm developed erythema at injection site and patient self-treated w/ BENADRYL tablets. Erythema of arm resolved on its own by 11-25-15."
11/30/15 pt. called to report persistent soreness of (L) deltoid area where he had rec'd hi-dose flu vaccine injection 7 1/2 wks. ago. Denies other sx - no redness or swelling. Pain occurs with use or (L) arm - not while at rest.
"Pt states 3 days after receiving the flu injection, she became congested, with a headache and muscle tightness in her neck."
Very large welt on thigh rt leg. About 6-7 centimeters round hot to touch painful.
Pain in left arm - 11/25/2015 - still have pain.
Patient came to pharmacy to report numbness and weakness of (R) hand. Symptoms started 2 day after vaccination. Husband stated symptoms were improving. Patient was told to see primary care provider and has appointment scheduled 11/30/15. Patient told to see provider sooner if symptoms do not continue to improve. I called pt.
Reported soreness at injection site for a continued long period of time with body aches and unusually tiredness which has lasted for weeks.
"Patient received flu vaccine at school flu clinic. A few hours after, he developed a diffuse red rash on face and trunk of body. MD reported vesicular in places. He also developed a low grade temp of 100 degrees F."
Reported soreness at injection site for a continued long period of time with body aches and unusual tiredness which has lasted for weeks.
"Had vaccine administered at about 0630 on 10/15/15. At around 1230 began to feel dizzy, with chills. Left work and took 600 mg Ibuprofen at home for temp 99.4. At 1500 noted temp to be 102.1. By 1700 temp down to 100.2. On 10/16 saw PCP who prescribed oral prednisone to decrease the immune response which now included body/joint aches and continued low grade fever. Improving but not completely well."
"About an hour after vaccination onset itching on face/head progressing to body wide within 1-2 hours. Took BENADRYL 25mg by mouth about three hours after onset. Some improvement, took x 3 days, 1x/day for resolution. No rash, no hives."
Patient has a bruise a little larger than a 1/2 dollar 5 1/2 inches below right shoulder. Patient states she has no pain.
Severe all over body pain/ache. Went to Emergency Room. Given fluids and pain med. IV. Went to PCP next day. Did blood work. SED rate very high. On prednisone for 3 weeks add'l blood showed elevated white blood count.
Patient developed cellulitis after flu shot administration. Cleared up after 2 course of antibiotics.
"States Saturday 11/21 had headache, rt arm red, swollen, painful. Today arm feels better but had one episode of diarrhea and dizzy when swimming. Feels ok now."
Had diarrhea for 2 days after the shot.
Had diarrhea for 2 days after the shot.
"5 days after getting shot started as redness at site then moved to Right breast - tender and red. Also had diarrhea, headache, body aches. Started having relief 9 days after getting shot."
"On 11-20-15, patient informed me that about 24 hours after the FLUVIRIN injection she experienced muscle weakness in the arm in which the injection was given. Definite weakness in the arm and grip of hand. Not severe but very noticeable. No reaction at injection site. Weakness from right elbow down."
"Itching and warmth 20-30 min after receiving vaccine about 5-6 hrs later noticed eyes were puffy and arm still sore, has reddened area and still warm  some tingling around injection site - temp 100 degrees today."
"Pt came into the pharmacy stating she had a severe reaction to PREVNAR. She had cellulitis which required an antibiotic prescription, was ill in bed for a few days and could not move her arm for a few days. Arm still extremely red and inflamed."
"Pt stated confusion/dizziness shortly after vaccine administration. Pt further stated they had a reaction involving their muscles, pt. unsure if seizures or convulsions. Occurred every 1/2 hour for a while. Did not seek medical advice or consultation. Felt better on 11/27/15 3PM."
Injected in shoulder instead of arm (per pt) resulted in bursitis. Treated with prednisone. Pain came back after she stopped prednisone. Pt have pain when she moves her arm around.
None stated.
Immediately following vaccine administration the patient's arm began to bleed and the arm at the site of administration began to swell up. The patient's arm developed a large lump under the skin.  The patient stated it was not painful.  The patient waited in the pharmacy for 15 minutes with no further reaction. The swelling of the patient's arm began to decrease within the 15 minutes after administration. On 11/30/15 the patient was contacted for follow up.  The patient stated that her arm was not swollen anymore but that there was a bruise at the site of injection.
Left knee pain/swelling 2 days after receiving influenza vaccine.
"PT had severe flu like symptoms for 3 days post injection. Pt had sore arm starting after injection, expected it to go away after 3 days but it still remains after nearing 30 days. Pt says hurts to lift arm above shoulders. Has not seen MD since incident."
"Itchy, redness at inj site warm to touch."
"Immediate pain in shoulder, within few hours pain with movement of shoulder/neck."
Headache and Fatigue. Took Bayer aspirin. 11/30/2015 7:00 PM left armpit feels sore and swollen. Shot was administered in left arm.
"Starting date above, two days after flu vaccine, I have been chronically affected by rhinorrhea, fatigue, sore throat and cough.  These are unusual symptoms for myself and if coincidental, unusually prolonged.  I have never had the flu vaccine in the past and never suffered from the flu since age 20.  I did have a rxn to thiomerosol in an eye drop preparation over 30 years ago. Please let me know what you suspect as an explanation?  I'm very doubtful this is coincidence."
"Extreme pain in arm/should (same side as flu shot was given), rash.  Turned out to be shingles and when I looked it up there are many people saying the same thing."
I went deaf for half an hour. Strange substance came out of ear. I have regained some hearing but it is muffled with a great deal of pressure.
"Persistent hives in arms, chest, and thighs. Symptoms improved with Zyrtec nightly but return the next night until another dose is taken. Never had any reactions or allergies to prior flu shots."
"Sore mouth, mostly tongue, lips."
"Rash and patient described """"weird feeling"""" in throat."""""
Fever 103.8F.  Given Tylenol and Ibuprofen at emergency room.
3 days after vaccine pt developed Bells Palsy on (L) face.
11/2/15 woke up with diplopia -> seen at eye office - labs and MRI done. Angiogram -> perform for possible AV fistula. 11/3/15 -> weakness of lower extremities -> ED spinal tap perf immed.
"Patient felt dizzy after the vaccine, she said she was having a panic attack. EMT was contacted but she did not want to go to the hospital. The next day patient's father called and said she'is been really tired."
Cellulitis of upper left extremity. Started antibiotics.
Pt started with numbness and paralysis to the right side of his face on the morning of 11/5/15.
Started out with expected soreness.  3 weeks later I have limited movement and it hurts to put weight on that elbow.
"Guillain-Barre Syndrome, shivering, couldn't walk because shivering was too intense, nausea, vomiting, aches, heavy fatigue."
Patient felt dizzy and fainted 5 minutes after vaccination with Fluvirin 15-16.  He regained consciousness immediately and was sweating.  BP was ~80-60.  Pt given and ice pack as well as orange juice and wafers for strength and BP resolved to 126/84 within 15 minutes.  No other medical attention was necessary and patient elected to go home shortly after.
Break out in shingle along rear left waist band...never had shingles before.
Pt received PREVNAR 13 and FLUZONE High Dose same days. Same arm -2 days later arm still red from elbow to shoulder - warm - not painful.
"On day 6 after immunization, pt experienced swelling tenderness at site of injection. Day 7, pt had redness/swelling alongside length of arm and joint pain on same side elbow."
"Receive flu shot 11/23/15 - early next morning had pain in chest when taking deep breath - headache - dizziness - no arm pain at injection site, no redness or swelling - presents with upper chest discomfort with deep breath and temp 101.4 - glands swollen."
"Shots given on 11/3/15, had vomiting and diarrhea and chills that evening. The next day felt fine. On Nov. 5th, he developed swelling in his wrists and knees. Dr. saw patient in the office on 11/20/15. Patient given Prednisone."
S/sx if anaphylaxis within 15-30 min after injection. Pt states throat closing off on drive home. Took BENADRYL and iced arm. Lasted for several days.
"Allergic reaction to the flu shot. Two days after the shot he noticed itchiness in bilateral antecubital fossae. Rash appeared on neck, bacck, chest, groin."
48 hrs after injection patient experienced difficulty breathing (closing of throat). No rash. No dizziness. Was treated at walk in clinic.
"This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist and refers to a 68 year old female patient. No pertinent medical history or concurrent condition were reported. On 13-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX (lot # L0011529, expiry date 03-JUL-2016) through an unknown route. On 13-NOV-2015, the patient was once more vaccinated with ZOSTAVAX (lot # L026414, expiry date 15-OCT-2016) along with concomitant administration of an unspecified trivalent high dose flu medication. On 14-NOV-2015, the patient contacted the pharmacist with complaints of fever, body aches and eyes feeling weak (like general malaise as per pharmacist). The patient sought medical attention and did not receive any treatment for the events. On 15-NOV-2015, the patient's symptoms were less. The reporter referred the patient to her primary care physician. The outcome of the events were reported as recovering. The reporter did not assess the causality of the events with ZOSTAVAX. Additional information has been requested."
"Developed malaise and palpitations, and a feeling of """"irregular heart beat"""". Experienced these same sxs after receiving 2014's influenza vaccination. She was given only 1/2 dose this year and still had the same sxs. Underwent a cardiac workup in early 2015 which showed atrial and ventricular ectopy (PVCs and PAcs) for which cause is unknown and usually harmless. When she received the influenza vaccine, however, the sxs greatly increased. Possible myocarditis? According to myocarditis definition one may not have chest pain but have palpitations only."""""
"Pt received vaccine on 11-9-15. Severe swelling, red and hot x 10 days. Itching and """"bumps"""" thereafter. 12/1/15-> red and scabbed and """"hurts way down in the arm"""" and """"hurts to lay down on it at night""""."""""
"Patient said that about 1 week after she received Prevnar 13 in her right arm, her arm became """"swollen"""" and """"black and blue"""". She said the reaction lasted for approximately 2 weeks. She has had no additional problems since the reaction resolved."""""
"Shoulder pain, can't comfortably lift arm, very sore."
"24 hrs later, severe bruising at injection site, very fatigued, slight headache, no fever. 48 hrs later - severe body aches - continued fatigue. 72 hrs later - body aches and fatigue."
Numbness/soreness in arm. Weakness in arm.
"Patient had discomfort/pain in arm following flu vaccine.  After 11 days & still having pain, she went to her doctor and was told the vaccine was given too high in shoulder.  She was then given a cortisone shot.  After one month, patient said she is still experiences discomfort in her shoulder."
"Patient reports """"numbness"""" and pain at injection site 2 months after administration."""""
Right upper arm was painful.
"Patient recommended to remain seated for 15 minutes after administration of vaccination. Immediately after administering and for a few minutes following she stated she feels fine, however about 15 minutes post-administration she stated feeling dizzy and with a headache. She was recommended to remain seated longer, asked if she were diabetic, she stated no; she did say she hadn't eaten lunch, we asked if she'd like something to drink, and she requested orange juice so we provided this; we f/u with guest in an hour to check on how she's doing and stated her symptoms subsided and she's doing well."
"Coughed and choked most of night after shot. Ears started hurting, and I started chilling off an on for 24 hrs."
"First I felt feverish. By the end of the day, my right arm where I was shot was throbbing. This type pain has continued. Today is Dec 1 and my arm still pains. I have never had this type reaction from a flu shot before."
Extreme pain at time of injection. I have had flu shots every year for more than 20 years and it never has hurt this much.
"Employee complained of arm hurting, tender to touch, red at vaccination site, approximatly 2.5 inches."
"Swelling in left deltoid area. Slight redness and warm to touch. Ice applied, ibuprofen and BENADRYL given PO."
"(L) shoulder pain, sharp burning posterior after 2nd flu shot accidentally."
"1 week from vaccination pt woke with small red rash near injection site. Started cold compress, ibuprofen, ZYRTEC. Redness spread to elbow with """"heat"""" in at as well as bright color. Pt saw MD on 11/30, symptoms had already decreased, no other meds prescribed. Continuing to improve."""""
"Swelling of throat, bruise at injection site, rash on opposite forearm. Patient did not seek any medical attention, returned to pharmacy today."
"Arm soreness, can not lift arm without pain in left arm, can't sleep on left side, some times cold/numb hand."
"By 3pm sore throat started, hoarse, then headache started, had chills so badly that body was shaking. Had 100.2 fever, body aches (back, neck, knees hurt to the point of weakness), totally fatigued, had a bit of nausea. Put on wet compresses on head at night. The symptoms lasted for 12 hours. The symptoms were very intense by 11pm -> 12am they started to subside. By 2am they were slowing down by everything went away by 6am."
"The reaction began with itchy/red eyes and progressed to extremely red & itchy with discharge to almost swollen shut. Pain progressed from a dull ache/soreness to excruciating muscle, joint and bone pain. I also became extremely exhausted and could not move, and I could barely speak. My tongue became thick, swollen and I developed a headache that was the worst I had ever felt. I also lost all sensation of taste, only some of which has returned. I wanted to go to the ER but could not voice the request. My husband talked to my doctor who suggested Motrin which did not help. The pain was worse than natural childbirth. I was curled up on the couch in a fetal position for hours."
"This is a spontaneous report obtained from a contactable physician through a Pfizer sales representative. A 12-year-old male patient received, on 16Nov2015, TRUMENBA intramuscular, in the left deltoid, at 0.5 ml, single dose. Relevant medical history was unknown. Concomitant medications included flu vaccine received in the left deltoid and HPV vaccine received in the right deltoid, both on 16Nov2015. The vaccines were administered at the private doctor's office and was purchased with commercial funds. On 16Nov2015, the patient was pale, had bradycardia, and fainted in office. On the same evening, family reported the patient was confused and was talking gibberish. No hospitalization, emergency room or doctor visit were required. Clinical outcome was unknown at time of this report."
"Pt had reported on 12/1/2015 that her arm had gotten red from shoulder down her arm. Reported she had 2-3 days of it being warm to touch. No induration or shortness of breath, no signs of distress."
"Nausea prevented me from sleeping. The next morning (11/17/2015) I woke up at 6AM with extreme nausea and after attempting to vomit but being unable to, went back to sleep. Then, I woke up again at 8AM with extreme nausea and vomited. I felt faint and still nauseous but slightly better after. I did not have any appetite and did not eat, but drank a glass of water. At 9AM I vomited the water. I felt extremely weak and faint, but no longer nauseous. The rest of the day I had no appetite and did not eat anything. I almost became very faint and dizzy, cool, pale and clammy around 1PM. I did not actually go unconscious because I sat down in time. Around 3PM I started getting chills and my body ached. Specifically, my knees and pelvis joints were severely aching. All afternoon and into the evening the chills and aches became worse and I ran a fever. I went to sleep that night and took an ibuprofen to diminish the aching. I woke up the next morning (11/18/2015) feeling normal. Nothing happened since."
Started having stabbing pain in my lymph node in the groin area for two days. Then it moved to the lymph node in my throat and I had pain for three days.
"Bad headaches, lo-grade fever and chills, body aches and pains.  I hadn't had any headaches for many years before this event."
Pt complains of injection site pain and muscle pain after vaccine administered.
"5:30 pm dry cough, wheeze fast heart beat, chest tightness,  6:30 pm rash shoulder to shoulder chest took 1 Benadryl, called MD friend at approx 7 pm.  8pm sweating took 2nd Benadryl, 1-2am woke up eyes, lips swollen, rash worse and vommited three times, morning of 12/2 lethargic but no rash, no cough."
"Night of vaccination: blood red eyes, throat swelled, chills, heart racing,  tried to call 911 and passed out. Next morning: sore throat, red eyes, weak, called physician's office and described symptoms and was told they would let the doctor know and would call her back if the doctor wanted to make an appointment."
"Began with itching and red bumps on wrists.  Patient woke up at 2:00 am on 11/3/15 with severe itching under chin, swollen eyes, and a bumpy red rash in streaks on his face.  Dr. prescribed oral and injected steroids."
Patient was mistakenly given a Fluzone HD ( nstead of Prevnar).
SWELLING STARTED IN LIPS AND AFTER A COUPLE OF HOURS EYES BECAME SEVERELY SWOLLEN BY 2:00 AM THEY WERE ALMOST SWOLLEN SHUT. AFTER 4 BENADRYL THEY ARE STILL SWOLLEN AND LOOK LIKE I HAVE BLACK EYES 24 HOURS LATER.
SAID SHE HAS DIZZINESS AND THEN FAINTED IMMEDIATELY.
Extreme muscle soreness that has gotten worse as time went on.  After two months I contacted my Dr. and if it doesn't subside in a month will follow up with her.
"Pain in upper left arm (felt like arm was punched), severe circular bruise approx. 2"""" diameter at injection site."""""
Headache. Body aches.  Chest pain.  Shortness of breath.   Accelerated heartbeat.  Muscle cramps.  Pussy eyes.  Vision blurriness.
"This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 18-Nov-2015) concerns a 76 year-old female patient. On 05-Nov-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 098629902) on the left upper arm for prophylactic vaccination. On 05-Nov-2015, 1 day after the vaccination, the patient developed gastroenteritis, chills and rheumatoid flare-up, which lasted for 7 days. Infectious gastroenteritis was excluded. Outpatient treatment was required. The outcome was recovered on 11-Nov-2015. Reporter's Comments: N/A. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine, and the Afluria PI, rheumatoid flare up and gastroenteritis are both unlisted. Chills is listed. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is same day of vaccination. It is not known if patient had prior history of rheumatoid disease or of 'rheumatoid flare-up' was in reference to general aches and pain or myalgia which can follow vaccination. Infection was excluded as a cause of gastroenteritis. Given the patient's advanced age, a concurrent viral illness is plausible cause of events. However vaccination is causally attributable due to temporal association."
"Continuing soreness from shot two days prior, low-grade fever (99.7) for almost two weeks, with certain movements still have pain around injection site, sometimes migrating to joint. Intensity seems to be increasing."
Developed fever and rash.
"Redness/swelling at site of injection. Contacted MD -> pt. advised to visit urgent care. Was prescribed cephalexin 500 mg, #20 (twice a day) x 10 days. Follow up with pt. later today and Thurs 12/3/15."
Pt has had severe upper arm pain -> from the shoulder to the elbow and stated - she developed a hematoma where the vaccine was administered (left arm) she will go to her PCP.
Vaccine placed on 11/29/15. Patient started having arm pain that ultimately encompassed the whole left shoulder.
"Patient received a flu shot on 10/23 and it's still hard for me to lift up her arm, she feels it all the time, muscle pain."
"Case number PHEH2015US017995, is an initial spontaneous report received from a physician via sales representative on 10 Sep 2015. This report refers to a 19 year old male patient. Historical condition included asthma, vocal cord dysfunction, acne and vitamin D deficiency all these were well controlled and not active at time of immunization. Concomitant medications were not reported. He was vaccinated with first dose of BEXSERO (batch number: 148901A) at dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly into left deltoid and FLUARIX (batch number: 7AJ5J) at a dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly into right deltoid both on 03 Sep 2015 at 2:20 PM. On 08 Sep 2015, after vaccination, the patient experienced some chills, woke with myalgia, tactile fever and no rash. On 10 Sep 2015, the patient experienced paresthesia described as prickly stuff on the chest /abdomen not fingers or toes (prickly pain on his chest and arms that hurts to the touch), sore neck and red left eye/ redness of the eye. Clinical neurological examination shows no imaging, physical exam was normal and he had a good deep tendon reflexes. He was prescribed corticosteroids inhaled but he was not taking. The outcome of the event sore neck was not reported, some chills, woke with myalgia, tactile fever completely recovered by the end of day on 08 Sep 2015, paresthesia described as prickly stuff on the chest /abdomen completely recovered within 2 to 3 days from onset and for other red left eye/ redness of the eye it was reported as condition unchanged. The seriousness of the event tactile fever was not reported and for other events it was reported as non serious. The causality of the events myalgia, chills, paresthesia and red left eye were reported as suspected as related to BEXSERO and for other events it was not reported. Follow up report from the physician received on 26 Oct 2015: added new event (tactile fever), updated suspect products information (date, time, route, and dose), medical history, and outcome of the events (myalgia, chills, paresthesia and tactile fever), changed onset date of event from 07 Sep 2015 to 08 Sep 2015 (myalgia, chills)."
Pt's right arm swelled up and working it's way down the arm after 2 days of receiving PNEUMOVAX vaccine. Went to see PCP and diagnosed with a staph infection.
"Approx 15 minutes after vaccine administered, pt. developed hoarseness, throat irritation. Was given 25 mg PO BENADRYL. Approx 50 minutes after administraiton, pt. developed mouth and tongue numbness and tingling. Took 50mg more of PO BENADRYL."
"Employee states she received influenza immunization at 530am on 11-3-15 at work. She reports, on 11-6-15 430 AM, feeling more severe pain at right lower back, buttock. Treatment = massage therapist appointment at medical center."
About ten minutes after injection I felt a flush through my body like the feeling of MRI dye and got a frontal headache that hasnÆt gone away in two days. Felt heart race and palpitations and arm very hot and painful. Next day noticed red hot raised rash below injection site.
"Shoulder pain around injection site, starting approx 11/22/15 still sore on 12/2/15."
"Got shot on 11/14, but arm was very sore. Went to urgent care on 11/30, and diagnosed with adhesive capsulitis."
Arm at inj site tender to touch sl. swelling.
Arm at inj site tender to touch sl. swelling.
Arm at inj site tender to touch sl. swelling.
"Red rash over abdomen, arms, and legs.  Rash was not itchy and was not raised. Patient was seen by a physician the next day and was given a steroid shots and cream. Patient stated that it took about a week for the rash to subside."
"I received flu injection, upper left arm on 10/27/15. For a second I felt faint and a heavy rush feeling through my arm. Later that evening my arm began to hurt with certain movements. During the night the pain grew more severe and woke me up every hour. The pain was a sharp ache mostly in my inner bicep area. Now at time tenderness in my shoulder and elbow joint, tender when pressure applied. After 7 days, still having severe pain through the night and off and on during the day, I saw the doctor, on 11/9/15; he prescribed Gabapentin 100 mg and Hydrocodone-Acetaminophen 5-325. As of 11/25/15 I am still experiencing pain, and cannot raise my arm over my head without pain."
"Pain from elbow to shoulder, hurt to move it.  No redness or swelling."
"Rash, severe myalgia."
No adverse symptoms.
"Top of the right hand swelled, severe pain top of hand, small hard bumps on chest and back."
Deep (L) deltoid muscle pain with increase on elevation of arm - feels heavy at times in muscle area. Pain when reaching to pick up items.
"After flu vaccine given, patient complained of itching at the injection site approx 10 min after injection. Pt was given an ice pack."
"Nausea. Mild fever like sx. Shaky, clammy, dizzy."
"H.D. FLUZONE admin 9-17-15, pt states """"didn't feel that at all"""" aware of soreness up to 2-3 days post vaccination. As of 12-2-15; pt comes to clinic reports """"flu shot still hurts my arm"""" states """"like a toothache in that """"spot"""" """"no where else, no problems, no numbness, no weakness, no bruising, no knots, just aches off and on for days at anytime, awoke me lip and chins at 3 am. Took ADVIL. Very localized pain to spot where hot given. Been 2 1/2 months aching so thought I'd tell someone."""""
"After last appt, about 12 hours later, starting with room spinning vertigo. Laid down and slept for 24 hours. Got up, drank some water and then vomited. Has had very poor appetite, low back started hurting, feeling chilled, clammy then started with diarrhea. Has no strength. Has been able to keep down water today and a little diet pepsi."
"Night of vaccine administration - client reports hives; itching all over, eyes, throat itching."
Fever 102 after imms.
"Arm was """"so painful"""" that night, took Advil.  Next morning woke up with flu symptoms - joint pain, arm pain, skin sensitivity.  Neck became """"beet red"""", sore to the touch.  Took Chlortrimeton.  Had Fluzone High Dose last year also with no problems."""""
RIGHT ARM SWOLLEN AFTER THE VACCINE ADMINISTRATION.
"Raised, itchy rash. Started middle of night on Sunday (11-29). Worse on Mon and Tues (11-30 and 12-1). Inside of mouth burns. Went to see Dr. (Dermatologist) on Wed (12-2-15)."
Skin 6 x 7 cm area of erythema and mild edema on extensor surface of right upper arm surrounding injected site.
"Pain with lifting and moving left arm, not alleviated with TYLENOL. Pain radiates to chest and neck. Pain is described as a burning feeling and unbearable. And skin is sensitive to touch."
"Patient's wife reported 2 days after vaccination, patient experienced tingling from shoulder to fingers that was extremely painful. The pain was not relieved w/OTC medications or muscle rubs. Other family members who received the same day were not affected."
"Pain on injection, weakness and pain in L arm since injection."
"Arm pain, soreness, tingling down to fingers, muscles aches, anxiety."
"Patient had redness all around injection site, about 3 inches in diameter and skin was hot.  Patient was going to take Benadryl and watch closely."
"Increased unquenchable thirst, increased urination, severe diaper rashes unable to be cured by anything other than athletes foot fungus creams, brittle nails, more lethargic, occassional fruity breath, all classic symptoms of type 1 diabetes - taking patient to doctors on 12/4/15 for testing. Did not have these issues prior to this last set of vaccinations."
Psoriasis at injection site several weeks after injection.  Additional psoriasis spots have developed on my arms.
"Immediate pain at time of injection, pain no better a month later; pain in shoulder, especially at injection sight, when using arm. Also pain when laying on side of painful arm (left). I have intense pain when doing things like taking things on/off over my head, using arm to twist off jar lids, any kind of movement that uses the shoulder or puts pressure on the shoulder."
"One week ago pt received flu vax (R) arm, PCV 13 (L) arm. Next day felt onset of chills, headache and noted (L) arm swelling, pain, itchy. Taken to hospital ED. Referred back to PCP. Swelling has improved, but remains tender, itchy, swollen. Denies cough, SOB, wheezing."
"Sudden fever 107.0 degrees Fahrenheit axillary, flushed, pale, lethargic, eyes rolled back, legs twitching for 30 seconds. Temperature rechecked after febrile seizure like episode with a result of 102.7 degrees Fahrenheit. Tylenol was given at time of vaccination (3 PM) and at 7 PM after fever. Tylenol and Ibuprofen was alternated for the next 24 hours. Last fever at 11 AM on 11/21/2015. These events occurred after scheduled vaccinations PVC13 and DTAP (previously received) and flu shot (new)."
"Fever (12 hours). Drooling (12 hours). Localized brusing. Localised raised, red margins (present). Treatment = BENADRYL."
"Same happened in 1991. Warm and heavy (R) shoulder 1-2 hours after injection. Evening felt lousy took TYLENOL, worked next day. Chills Fri PM, took TYLENOL. Could not eat following 3 days, could not get up from bed. Chills stopped on Sunday. Pain in bones all over."
"Local injection site reaction with bruising, mild swelling and warmth to the touch."
"Severe fatigue, debilitating headache, rash. severe face swelling, soreness at injection site, extremely high CRP (96.5) blood test symptoms came slowly over 3 days - 4 dr. visits."
Patient complains of pain at administration site and all the way down arm.
Pain in joints - especially spine/neck; fatigue; indigestion started 11/14/15.
"(R) arm pain/discomfort, redness/streaking at inj site spreading to axilla and breast area."
Pt received FLUZONE and PNEUMOVAX on the same arm on1.1.15 and developed redness on the arm on 12.2.15 PM. It was warm to touch and reported this on 12.3.15.
"Patient was given FLUVIRIN, which is indicated for 4 or over. Patient was only 3 yr 10 months. Patient's mother was ok with it on notification and did not want child revaccinated. There were no adverse events. Patient's physician was made aware as well and stated they were ok with not revaccinating as well."
Hivrs around injection site.
"Employee received vaccine in left arm, two days later he had a lot of pain, swelling and was unable to lift arm above shoulder level."
"(L) arm swelling, pain, warmth- treated with KEFLEX for cellulitis."
"Rec'd shot 9/3/15 630 became dizzy, nausea, couldn't eat dinner. 9/11/15 dizzy and nausea unable to drive lasted 4 hrs 9/12/15 severe dizzy, nausea, vomiting needed ambulance to Emer Rm. Lasted 5 hrs. 9/22 dizzy 9/23 dizzy 9/27 dizzy - lasted 3 1/2 hrs 9/28 MRI - normal (brain) 10/13 dizzy 10/18 dizzy."
"Pt developed pain, rash, fever evening of immuniz. rash progressed covering top arm and around tricep area, pt had fever...treated w/ antihist, compresses, much better, but still hurts as of 12-4-15."
"(L) high red and tender 2.75 cm area of redness on ant. (L) thigh, deeper 1 cm nodule."
Vomiting multiple times throughout evening and night on 12/3/15 and on the morning of 12/4/15. Explosive diarrhea morning of 12/4/15.
"Pt complained of flu-like symptoms including low grade fever, chills, aches and pains for several weeks."
"LOCALIZED REACTION, INDURATED, 3CM DIAMETER. NO SIGNS OF ANAPHYLAXIS NOTED."
"Sore Arm ever since shot was given, no redness or swelling."
ARM SORENESS AND PAIN.
Rotator cuff front muscle injury.
Myalgia and swelling.
Tremendous pain and limited arm mobility.
"Patient started having aching pain where flu shot was given starting 2 hours after vaccination. As the day went on the pain worsened. Pain spread to whole shoulder, arm pit, whole arm, and up to the neck. Patient has had constant pain since."
Unusual searing headache. Feeling of pressure on brain. Feeling of pressure persistent as of 12/04/2015. Ibuprofen helps but interval between relief is becoming shorter.
"Whole shoulder swollen and red, very weak, headache, nausea, achy joints and muscles."
"Per patient: All symptoms started about 2:30am on Friday morning waking patient up. Swelling was first (with fever in injected arm) with """"deep pain"""" and chils to follow. All symptoms lasted all day Friday (12/4/2015). Patient went to ER Friday at ~11pm. Patient feels """"75%"""" better as of Saturday 12/5/2015 @ 3:30."""""
Muscle pain in upper arm and joint in the shoulder (7.5-8 on pain scale). Could not lift her arm at all for 3 days on it's own. Pain radiated to elbow (5 on a pain scale). Pain gradually diminished - currently (4 weeks later) pain is 1 on pain scale and only occurs sporatically if moves a certain way.
"ARM WAS SORE, SWOLLEN AND WARM AFTER 8 TO 12 HOURS."
Soreness at injection site of the left deltoid with increased soreness running down the arm and in the shoulder. Some numbness running down the arm and into the hand.  Feels a sore lump at injection site.
"Patient was vaccinated in LEFT arm. Shortly after vaccination, patient's RIGHT arm started to shake uncontrollably. Patient called me (immunizing pharmacist) around 6 PM and I recommended patient go to Emergency Room immediately."
"Since patient received her Fluzone HD and Pneumovax 23 immunizations in her left arm, her arm became tender from the shoulder to the elbow and she has developed a reddened area across the middle of her upper arm which is warm to touch.  This red area is about four inches below the injection sites."
"Patient said she had a headache, chills, threw up bile, and sore scratchy throat. No Swelling noted as of 4:51PM. As of 5:37PM, the patient is feeling a whole lot better. Her throat is better but has a 2 degree temp."
"Lt arm extremely painful, sore, throbbing with muscle throbbing; but for days after the vaccine, instead of improving, the arm increased in pain intensity with limited range of motion. Back to employe health the first week in November due to intensity of pain & limited range of motion & several visits since then."
"Flu shot given just below acromian process too high on the left shoulder, immediately felt a shooting pain down to my left arm and into my hand followed by tingling and numbness into my fingers. My shoulder is becoming increasingly more painful and more difficult to move. My deltoid is screaming in pain everytime I try to use it and I'm losing sleep."
Intense itching any and everywhere on body with hives.
Extreme muscle and joint pain.
Extreme muscle and joint pain.
"Swelling, hives, extreme tenderness and immobility."
"3 hours after receiving the flu vaccine in my left upper arm, I began to experience extreme pain and limited mobility in my left shoulder.  I was unable to move my arm more than 3-4 inches away from my body.  This severe pain lasted for 4 days and kept me from sleeping at night. The pain has slowly been diminishing but has not gone away, and now, 3 1/2 weeks later I still do not have full range of motion, certain arm movements cause moderate pain, and I can not sleep well at night due to pain. I saw a doctor 13 days after the injury and was diagnosed with shoulder impingement and was prescribed anti-inflammatories and physical therapy.  I start PT tomorrow 12/7."
"My 3-year-old daughter was highly verbal and speaking in complete sentences. She received the flu shot and began stuttering two days later, though it was just first syllables and occasionally at that time. The next day the stutter is on almost every single word to the point that she can hardly get through her sentences."
"Pain at site of injection' tingling sensation down to elbow joint, knot at site and sore to the touch."
Patients mother described redness and burning on the right arm. Provider prescribed anitbiotics.
"Shot itself was painless. Within a few hours of injection, left shoulder started to hurt. Couldn't lift arm above 50 degree angle. 14 days later because of pain, still can't lift arm beyond 50 degrees. Hand and arm shakes when lifted above 50 degrees, awakens at night because of pain."
Patient had welts appear on her abdomen 5 hours after the vaccination. She took diphenhydramine 75 mg. for 2 days to relieve symptoms. After the 3rd day symptoms persisted. I recommended she call dr.
"Ptn came to Rx 12/4/15. Complaint of """"achy"""" shoulder, arm, back. Recommend call MD."""""
Patient developed chills and fever in the evening after getting a shot. He went to urgent care to verify if he is developing flu. Ultimately fever was contained by TYLENOL.
Patient received the flu shot on 12/3 and later that evening had severe pain in her hip bone.
"Rash and red, itchy spots after getting ZOSTAVAX vaccine."
Redness and swelling on both legs. Ibuprofen 100 mg every 6-8 hrs.
"After receiving flu vaccine, patient reported back to clinic complaining of severe itching and """"hoarseness"""" in voice. Was given 50 mg PO BENADRYL and sent immediately to emergency dept. Received epinephrine and prednisone in ER."""""
Patient reported on 12/4/15. Patient reported having felt sore in the afternoon of 11/13/15. He noticed swelling that worsened over the next day or two. He said the arm felt tight and sore. He iced the arm and elevated it per a nurses instructions. He reported the swelling started to go down on 11/15/15.
"Adverse Event Onset Date shown above is an estimate.  Patient is unsure of date (September/October/November) of exact onset. Patient was recently diagnosed with Autoimmune Hepatitis. Per her doctor, this could have been triggered by medications, vaccinations, or environmental triggers. Per the patient, some symptoms could have appeared prior to the vaccine, but increased symptoms appeared after the vaccination."
Had flu shot 10/19 - complaint arm still sore at injection site.
Patient said cannot lift arm; had shot since 10/11/15 and is still experiencing problem. Came to me 11/24/15
"Site swollen, raised, itchy, red and painful, size about 3 silver dollars."
None.
Minor weakness first in the back side of left knee progressing to the back of the right knee.  Weakness and then pain progressing and now including the calf and thigh muscles bilaterally but worse on the left side.
"(L) arm cellulitis, fever, warm to touch, erythema, swelling. Treated with Z pak with no relief - on cephalexin 500 Q 8 hrs."
Pt was given flu injection for a 3 yr old.
Patient said she had a sore arm/shoulder for a couple weeks. No swelling but a muscle ache - could not raise arm above shoulder.
Pt. passed out after flu shot and started snoring for approximately 2 seconds then awake monitored and watched blood pressure for 15-20 min. 1st reading 100/60 pulse 66 2nd reading 107/57 pulse 57.
"The patient said she was """"in perfect health"""" before the vaccine. After the vaccine was administered she suffered from a plugged ear and feels she is no hearing well."""""
"Shot taken at pharmacy on Nov. 18, 2015 in muscle right arm. Woke up Nov. 19, 2015 right arm swollen, fever, red color from top of arm to elbow. Started taking BENADRYL tabs every 4 hours and apply BENADRYL salve to arm 3 day till arm looked normal."
"Vaccine administered at 1115. At 1130 another adult in waiting area summoned for help verbalizing he thought she was going to pass out. LPN first one to the patient and called for assistance when patient not responding. Pt with eyes open and looking at staff, but noticed full body weakness and not speaking. 2 person carry to treatment and called for code blue adult. Placed on treatment bed. Remained incoherent. No loss of consciousness. BP 122/76 HR 88. O2 sats 100% on room air. After 3 minutes was able to tell us her first name. Slurred speech. Not making eye contact. Transferred via gurney to ED."
Swelling of arm and redness reaction at site of injection. Recommended BENADRYL and ice. Checked in on 11/25/15- arm is significantly better and just sore at site of injection.
"Patient experienced severe chills and muscle cramps, low grade fever the night of the shots. Subsided by next day."
Pt called 12/7/15 - said shot hurt on administration and hours later had a knot on arm. Arm still hurts 2 days later - she can't sleep on it and has no strength in the arm. She is using a heating pad - that feels good.
Intense soreness at sight of injection to the touch lasted 2 days - followed by intense itching - had to use BENADRYL for 4-5 days. Malaise within hours - chills  - shooting pains in arms and joints. Had 2 previous bouts of Lyme and shooting pains down arms successfully treated with doxycycline took 2 round of Lyme vaccine and on record found got Lyme disease
Appearance of bruise on arm w/symptoms of stiffness.
The patient states that her arm had muscle pain at the injection site after vaccination that worsened days later resulting in tingling down the arm and to the right pinky finger. The arm is painful to lay on. She has not seen a doctor about it yet.
"Swelling with redness approximately 2-3"""" in diameter intense itching for 6 days."""""
"6"""" x 4"""" warmth and erythema upper rt arm with several fluid filled blisters."""""
Pt had pain in shoulder. After 2 weeks of pain she went to the ER for treatment. She has been doing PT.
Flu shot was administered into her left arm. It swelled up around injection site and it became red and hardened. It stayed like that for about 2 wks. Patient also experienced flu-like symptoms as well.
Pt was in office for 1 yr well check. MMR and MMRV were both administered at this visit. Nurse recognized error while logging vaccines into EMR. Mom notified the following day and informed of possible reactions to watch for. Understanding was voiced. No adverse reactions reported thus far.
"Patient reports diffuse rash on arms, legs, temp > 101 degrees, tight muscles with heavy legs, joint aches. Started 3 days after shot. Pt saw MD not sure if its related to shots of something else. MD originally thought it could be gout but was not."
"Pt states at the site of injection, the area is swollen, red, hard lump and warm to the touch. Pt states reaction has gotten larger as the days progress."
"Oct. 1, 2015 had flu shot, had pain from shot which never went away, the pain is from dull and constant to sudden sharp and severe pain. No treatment yet. Will talk to MD."
"Pain at injection (2-3 days); vomiting; Low grade fever; Flu-like symptoms, dry cough, runny nose."
"Pt received a high dose flu shot on 12/04/15. Later that day he experienced increased blood pressure (163/102) and increased heart rate (91). He felt very weak, feverish, sluggish, had chest pain, and felt like he was about to have heart attack or stroke. He continued to feel worse through the evening. He came into the pharmacy the next day, feeling better, but he wanted to report his experience."
"Patient claims that she has had a significant amount of arm pain after the vaccine that has not subsided prior to her report date of 12/5/15.  Per her physician, she has described it as a dull, aching pain with swelling."
Pt said his left arm was still sore from shot he got in Sept. He said he mentioned it to his Dr today at visit. He said Dr said we might have poked or pinched nerve. He said his arm was sore to lift and sleep on. Prescriptions for prednisone and triamcinolone were given. Technique used to give shot was to feel shoulder then make C with left hand and give shot in middle of C with right hand.
"Ringing in ears, dizziness, clogged ears, fatigue."
"Patient unable to move arm for 24 hours, patient complains of bruising on upper arm."
"Bad headache, fever, muscle spasms in hands, dark vision, shaking, not hungry, hips are sore."
Approx 9 days after receiving his one year vaccines the patient developed a rash all over his body. Worse on chest and back but noted on extremities and a couple on his face. Pink or red spots. It was smooth and not raised. He was cranky but ate and drank ok. He also developed a fever 102.6 at the highest.
Pt noticed that there was a raised bloody scab at the site which started to bleed.  I examined the site and there was a raised area in the area that we would vaccinate with a scab on it.  It did not look infected but she received the vaccine almost 2 months ago.  Pt is unaware of any other injury to this area.  This is the first time she received the high dose flu vaccine.  I recommended that she receive the regular flu shot in the future.
"Nausea, convulsions, sore red eyes, high fever, joint and body aches, headache, gas, diarrhea, fatigue, throat swelling, heart palpitations, patient stated could hear heart rate banging in head, dizziness, weakness."
"Within a couple of hours, my shoulder hurt at the injection site. Over the next few days, it was as if I had pulled a muscle in my shoulder. I experienced significant discomfort and decreased mobility for the next month. Now, six weeks later, I am almost completely recovered, with very minor remaining mobility limitation and muscle weakness."
"Post nasal drip, cough, runny nose.  (cold like symptoms)"
"Aching in injection arm and shoulder, 100.4¦F fever, nausea, body aches, fatigue through 11/14/15. Continuing intermittent arm and shoulder pain, muscle weakness in arm and shoulder, body aches, fatigue through present, 12/07/15. I intend to consult my physician this week as my job performance is being adversely affected."
Developed headache; progressed to migraines the following week as of today 12/7/15 the headache is still not resolved.
Severe upper right arm pain. I have tried muscle creams and heating pad with no relief.
Swelling left side of face left side of nose left side of lips left eye swelled shut hives by 11/19/2015 facial pain facial nerve.
"Body aches, Vomiting x3, Malaise, swelling of face."
"(L) uppre arm, injection site swelling, hematoma, soreness, discoloration from elbow to shoulder. Painfull to fully extend arm. Still showing symptoms as of Dec 7, 15 medication taken IBU 800 mg every 8 hours from 12-4 till now."
Patient stated that he right arm was red and swollen following the FLUZONE HD vaccine administration on 11-9-2015. The symptoms resolved within 2 weeks without drugs.
"Woken up by chills, headache and eye pain, very achy back, exhausted feeling.  Temp 103.8.  Took 600 mg Advil and ice chips and juice.  Temp down to 102.8. Next day (Sun) temp of 102.2 - 102.8 all day, with 600 mg Advil every 6 hours.  Monday fever of 100.5 - 101.8 all day.  Tuesday (today) fever of 99.5 - 100.5 all day."
Customer got shingles shot on 12/3/15. The site of injection was swollen and red 2 days after injection and by the 3rd day the swollen went down.
"Patient states her Lt. arm began hurting the day she received her flu shot. No redness, swelling or fever reported. Able to use her arm. Pain extends to middle of uppper arm and occasionally to base of neck. Still painful today which is 5 weeks later. Has not been seen by a MD but did call their office."
"Pt states pain, numbness and inability to move arm as he did before vaccination."
"Painful arm and knee next day, then radiated to ankle for about three days then disappeared.  Then patient reports feeling sick like flu, tired, for a week.  Then about a week later her arm started hurting again.  She called us at the pharmacy today."
"Patient had swelling and redness from site of injection all the way to the elbow. It was notived 1 day after vacccine, but 2 days after, the swelling and redness started to reduce."
Child w/large area of erythema over (L) deltoid consistent w/local reaction to immunization (DTaP). IPV site -  not red.
"Redness, swelling, painful to touch, swelling up into neck and down arm (R)."
Flu shot given 10/1 upper deltoid - discomfort and residual pain the bicep - seen by MD 11/6 Rx ice and antiinflammatories 4 day - still uncomfortable.  2 mos later with some residual weakness - Dx as tendinitis.
"Flu vac administered 11/25/15 (Lt) deltoid pt noted pruritic rash at bra wire line 11/27/15 spread to torso, axilla, abd and inner thighs."
"Afternoon of shot he was dizzy and lightheaded, cold sweats, felt yucky all over, headache. Slept over 14 hours, that night. Woke up yucky again. Felt itchy all over. 5 inch itchy rash around shot site."
"Hives and itching 11-12 hours post injection. BENADRYL x 1 dose, 6 hours post BENADRYL rash and itching, BENADRYL repeated."
"Left arm turned red, became very sore to the point it was difficult to move. Patient got the chills and could not stop shaking. A warm bath did not make him feel better so they went to ER."
"Hot and swelling - shoulder to elbow with pain. 3+ days fever (101 degrees to 102 degrees)/chills. Bad headache; itching neck, face, under arm, and facial swelling. Vomited - 1x next day after shot. Fatigued, dizzy, weak following 3rd day. Used Ibuprofen B."
Severe fast heart beat (tachycardia; several) weakness; about 3:30 to 4 pm. 911 was called I talked to them after few minutes; by that time I felt little better and I refused paramedic to come in.
Severe shoulder and arm pain.  Pain has continued in the shoulder and arm since the day of the vaccine.  Not as severe as the first week but continuous.
"Cough - dizzy, swollen arm."
Pt came in 9 days after receiving the shot. He claimed that 1-2 days after receiving it he had severe pain in both hips and one leg. He described it as both a muscle pain and bone pain. I told him to go see his Dr about it.
Pain and soreness following administration x 2 months. Impaired movement of arm continued to present.
Passed out heart pounding. Blood pressure rocketed. Transferred to hospital.
Vaccine was administered to high in the deltoid muscle.  Pt experiencing nerve pain at time of injection.
"Sore arm, was shot high on my deltoid muscle. Immediately the pharmacist said I bled and it was black and blue. Now have weak arm and limited motion ever since that day. It is Dec. 8, 2015."
"Redness left side of neck. No itch, pain, discomfort. Rash became extended to mid portion of neck.  Took otc Benadryl. Pt was also given Pneumovax vaccine."
Patient says her arm was extremely sore.  She feels like the muscle is torn.  She thinks she may have loss of motion and drops things easily.
"Following administration of the influenza and pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, patient did develop dizziness, muscle aches, chills, fever and soreness."
"General sickness, Pain in Deltoid muscle and Shoulder joint, Painful to lift arm, physical weakness. To date (12/8/2015) painful to lift left arm, arm weakness and general weakness."
Patient reports her and her husband both having pain in the arm where injected with the vaccination for extended period of time (3 weeks).
"Sore throat first night. Heaviness in chest for 2 days. Triggered canker sores in mouth and throat for 1 week, could not eat. Bedridden for 7 days."
"Pain where shot was administered, and loss of mobility of arm."
"Mother reported and answered """"yes"""" to question #7 to seizures. She said he had one at 5 mo of age and is not taking meds. Immunizations were given DTAP, Hep A, and ped influenza on 11-05-15. She says the next day she saw him having a seizure and took child to ER. Dr diagnosed immunization related seizure."""""
Swelling; redness; warmth and pain.
"Mouth blisters, heavy chest, runny noise, muscle pain, throat swollen, thick tongue."
Induration with tenderness to palpation of left anterior/lateral aspect of deltoid and axilla area near teres major. Decreased movement of left shoulder due to pain. Hydrocodone/acetaminophen prescribed for pain control.
Influenza 6-35 months 0.25 cc was ordered by physician. Influenza 0.5cc was given by nurse.
"This case was reported by a consumer and described the occurrence of adverse reaction in a male patient who received FLULAVAL (batch number MJ7A9, expiry date June 2015). On 23rd January 2015, the patient received FLULAVAL. In 2015, an unknown time after receiving FLULAVAL, the patient experienced adverse reaction. On an unknown date, the outcome of the adverse reaction was unknown. It was unknown if the reporter considered the adverse reaction to be related to FLULAVAL. Additional details were provided as follows: This case was reported by a pharmacy via a pharmacy claims management company. The patient experienced an adverse reaction (unspecified) after the vaccination with FLULAVAL. The reported batch number (MJ749) for FLULAVAL did not exist and was updated to MJ7A9 as per the sales database."
"I received the flu shot in my left upper arm and since that day I have had significant pain when moving my arm certain ways. I cannot lift my arm more than approximately 45 degrees, reach forward or across my body to buckle my seatbelt or take my shirt off without severe pain in my arm."
"Given at approximately 8:45 am; 11:30 AM employee experiencing generalized itching and face flushed. Refused Epi. Refused EM5CK. Denied difficulty breathing, chest tightness or chest pain. No swelling of throat, no wheezing or shortness of breath. Had family member bring her an anti-histamine (Zyrtec); took 2 tablets at 1:30 pm. 11/16/15 denied further effects."
"Nerve pain at injection site, upper right arm.  Weakness and tingling extend to fingers. Continues to date, 12/9/2105."
Pain in arm received vaccination.
"Patient was given PNEUMOVAX 12/4 and presented in office 12/7/15 with 4 x 3"""" erythema at injection site with warmth. Treatment with cold packs and ibuprofen as directed."""""
"Large red area several inches wide from injection site down to elbow of left arm, no discomfort, area has not gotten worse or better after 7 days post vaccination."
Patient presents extense red and hot area in right arm. MD gave LEVAQUIN 750mg per 7 days. Patient is well (follow up call 11/30/15). The symptoms persist for 7 days. She finish today 11/30/15 the antibiotic and the arm is normal.
"Dizziness, wobbly legs 24 hours after vaccination."
Swelling hives itching - sent to ER. 1 HR after receiving vaccine symptoms began - f/u 11-23-15.
Pt received FLUVIRIN vaccine and within 10 min pt walked into clinic stating she felt it was harder to breathe/swallow. Pt alert and oriented. She stated she also had severe itching at the site of her injection. NP administered EPIPEN 0.3 mg at 1300 pm and had store management call EMS. Pt stated 1 minute later she was feeling better and easier to breathe after EPIPEN administered. VS -> HR 70s and O2 sat on RA=100%. EMA arrived w/in 5-10 min after EPI-PEN and took over care. They took her to nearby hospital to be observed. Pt walked out of clinic on her own with EMS at her side.
"Pain, cannot lift arm over shoulder, weakness, and insomnia. Patient tried Advil which did not help.  Symptoms began within 2 hours after administration."
Pain in shoulder.
"RASHES ON CHEST, BACK, AND SHOULDER."
A SLIGHT RASH AND INFLAMMATION BY INJECTION SITE.
"Patient stated that 24 hours after she recieved her Fluzone Hd and Prevnar 13 vaccine she started feeling sick to her stomach with cramps, diarrhea, patient said she also had chills over the weekend and aches. She said the chills and aches have went away but still has the stomach upset."
"Felt warm, neck aching, shortness of breath, blurred vision. Called family Dr and ordered an Allegra 24 hr. Took BP 137/91 And BS 84. Remained in pharmacy for one hour for observation. I walked her to car and felt good. She reported back to me at 6pm and 8pm no more symptoms."
Patient experienced extreme dizziness and mild disorientation. He never lost consciousness. He was fine after 15 minutes of lying down with legs elevated.
Patient passed out after being given PREVNAR and FLUZONE HD. Only out for 30 seconds. Gave cold cloth and water and she was fine and left in about 20 minutes.
"Sustained deep soreness in muscles x 10 d post - FLUZONE HD and PREVNAR; No redness or swelling; Knot like sensations recommended ibuprofen, see MD if not relieved."
"Not sure of exact onset, pt had red rash which is currently dry and flaky."
Neck pain and swollen left cervical lymph node.
Pain at injection site. Pain in the hand. Could not lift or use the arm.
Developed rash on legs and forearms within a few hours.  Spread to chest within two days.
"Pt. is still experiencing pain/soreness at the injection site 40 days after the injection. She says it is getting worse, not better."
Per pt 4 weeks after injection pt developed arm pain - restricted activity - prohibited sleep - ADVIL - MOTRIN and heat - symptoms resolved 2 weeks ago.
1 hour after vaccination pt expierenced swelling (the size of 1/2 of a pingpong ball) at injection site. Hours later redness surrounding site (the size of a hand) & hot- pt attributes this to possibly having a sleeve that was tight above the injection site at time of administration.  That night she experienced a low grade fever (not more than 100) and hallucinations at bedtime along with being nauseous. These symptoms continued until Tuesday 12/08/15. Wednesday she was symptom free.
"Recvd vacine around 3 pm, around 9 pm pt. had strange feeling in throat and chest felt heavy like heart arrack-went to ER for observation- pt was fine."
Soreness in arm where vaccine was given. Painful and hard to lift at time. Tried using heat and ibuprofen.
"Unable to fully raise arm secondary to pain, limited external and internal rotation secondary to pain.  Only able to lift arm to 45 degrees."
"Flu like symptoms, chills, severe body pain in neck and back, nausea, severe stomach cramping, severe headache. Inability to walk/stand. Pain non-responsive to ibuprofen and Tylenol."
"Pt states that his right arm has been sore for the last month after the flu shot. The flu shot was in August. Also, from our records, the flu shot was administered on the left arm. Pt is seeing md tomorrow for an unrelated condition, but will mention the arm pain as well."
Achy at first and chills.  Headache and dizziness followed with fever of 102.1 by 8:00 PM.  Treatment with Tylenol was not effective.  Advil seemed to alleviate the fever and achiness somewhat.  It is now more than 48 hours later and I am still dizzy and extremely fatigued.
Pain in left shoulder.
"RASH, ITCHING, UNKNOWN IF RELATED TO VACCINE OR HOTEL STAY."
"RASH, ITCHING UNKNOWN IF RELATED TO VACCINE OR HOTEL STAY."
"*PATIENT recieved a FLU shot back on 10/30/2015. Patient came back in on 12/10/2015 (41 days later) and claims her arm is still sore and she thinks it may have something to do with the FLU shot. She initially claimed that the medicine went into her muscle and that she did not feel right. When it was explained to her that it is in fact an INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION, she then claimed that perhaps it was injected """"TOO HIGH"""" on her arm. She and her husband appeared to be looking for some sort of compensation. Pharmacist on duty (me) looked at her arm and there NO SIGNS of swelling or infection whatsoever. Patient was advised to see her MD and this could be unrelated to the FLU shot but patient insisted that she felt the FLU shot is responsible for her shoulder being sore."""""
"Initially malaise & general aches, subsequently fever >101F, greater pain, felt like I would pass out during evening even with head between knees, soreness at injection location. Still weak next morning, mostly recovered in 24 hrs except slight weakness and site of injection."
"Mother of patient called at 846 am 12-10-15, stating swelling in left leg """"size of tennis ball"""" and warm to touch. Pain in leg. No fever. No limp. Seen by physician at 250 pm 12-10-15. 14cm x 7 cm. KEFLEX and BENADRYL started."""""
(One) lump appeared below where shot was administered that appeared 2 day)  after vaccine. When lump disappeared after ER visit on Sat; On Monday 2  4inch radius rash appeared that last 4 1/2 weeks.
"Achy, feverish, myalgias and shivering over the course of approximately 5 hours, at which point pt. slept for the night. Upon awakening today, continues with fatigue and weakness, no fever."
"Vomiting, severe chills and feeling cold """"felt awful""""."""""
"Has local reaction on left deltoid c/w warm, erythema, swelling, firmness. No evidence of secondary infection/cellulitis. No systemic reaction."
Patient reported swelling of arm below injection site and increased temperature of skin on arm. She took BENADRYL and symptoms resolved after a few hours.
"Patient complains of fever, chills, aggravated asthma, nausea, diarrhea, and """"pain in her bones"""". Reports feeling very sick. Reports this has happened 10 years ago after a flu shot, but this information was not given during vaccine questionnaire."""""
"Immediate pain not normal with flu shot.  Couldn't lift my arm up.  Have limited use of my arm and constant pain, sometimes numbness in fingers.  Both doctors I have seen agreed shot was given too high and has caused possible nerve damage or SIRVA.  Have spent money on a doctors visit, specialist (neurologist), blood work, ultrasound, and a course of steroids.  Will begin physical therapy and need future testing with the nerologist in January."
Patient reported general malaise and soreness.
"L arm deltoid arm redness, itching, warm to touch."
"Fever 101+, severe headache, muscle aches, sweating, took ibuprofen, OOW x 3 days."
"Hours after high dose flu injection pt reports head/neck pain, uncontrollable shaking, pain from injection site to hand. Next day her arm turned warm, red, et very painful from above the injection site to just above the elbow."
"Burning pain in deltoid and trapezius muscle, limited range of motion in neck, inflammation and pain at the site of administration 10 weeks post shot."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 30 November 2015. This case involves 68-years-old male patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number, expiry date, dose, dose in series were not reported) intramuscularly on left arm on 06 October 2015. Illness at time of vaccination was reported as none as per patient and pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions reported as some statins. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 07 October 2015, one day following the vaccination, the patient had experienced eye strain, blurred vision, intermittent lightheadedness, headache, fatigue, weakness of both arms. Symptoms were persisted on 30 November 2015. The patient diagnosed with the separation of vitreous from retina. The patient required ER/doctor visit. The patient's laboratory data and corrective treatment was not reported. The patient was not recovered from the events. It was reported that the patient would continue to follow up with eye doctor. It was also reported that he had an appointment with own primary care physician for evaluation of other symptoms. Upon internal medical review, the case was considered as serious due to important medical event: separation of vitreous from retina. List of documents held by sender: none."
"Cellulitis (Dx), fever, sore arm, headache. Day after vaccine SEPTRA DS given to pt."
"Pain within first 2 hours, redness and swelling after that. Systemic feelings of malaise started approx 24 hours after vaccine."
High fever 103 associated with apparent life threatening event/febrile seizure.
"Information has been received from a physician assistant via a company representative referring to a 21 year old non-pregnant female patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus. On 06-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of PNEUMOVAX23 (lot # L014420, once, in the right deltoid, route and dose unknown) for diabetes (product use issue). Concomitant therapies included influenza virus vaccine (unspecified) in the left deltoid. On 06-NOV-2015, after vaccination, the patient developed pain in the right deltoid where she received the shot (injection site pain), limited swelling (injection site swelling) and nausea. The patient visited the physician fro medical attention and received ibuprofen for treatment. The patient recovered from the injection site pain, nausea and injection site swelling on 12-NOV-2015 (also reported that """"all this events lasted for five days after receiving the vaccine""""). Vaccination with PNEUMOVAX23 was reported as 'not discontinued'. Additional information has been requested."""""
"Swelling, redness, approx 30mm by 20mm."
Patient reports pain to injection site that insidiously has moved into shoulder/neck and radiates inferiorly from the injection site.
"Patient came in today 12-11-15, and said that she had tightness in her chest, and pressure, and that she was very cold (shaking).  She said she went to bed. Got up the next morning, felt better. Got a shower, and felt much better.  Had gotten a flu shot 20 yrs ago without any problems.  Patient said she is fine, and will check with allergist to determine if this is an allergy."
PT STATES HIS ARM IS SORE AND SWOLLEN WHERE VACCINATION WAS GIVEN.  SAYS THE PAIN IS UNBEARABLE.
The patient complains of pain when lifting her left arm.  Occurred the day after shot and has persisted.
"Reddened raised rash noted on bilateral legs, diaper area. Rash then spread to hands, lips and chin, feet, arms. Rash noting to get better slowly today (12/11)."
Patient called pharmacy @ 7:30pm and said he was itching a little and a little redness but I called patient back at 9:00 pm and he said it had gotten better.
"Right shoulder pain, reduced ROM, still have pain today."
"Major headache resulting in dizziness, nausea, vomiting, weakness, itching all over body, redness around injection site larger than a quarter."
"Patient developed cellulitis, redness at the injection site to elbow. He went to the doctor a received cephalexin for treatment."
Fever began around 10am. Motrin was given. Fever persisted until Thursday evening and remained low grade 100F & under. Rash began Wednesday evening & became progressively worse through the week. It actually looks like the measles. Fever broke Friday night.
Swelling of throat making breathing difficult. Two doses of Benadryl with no effect. Administration of EpiPen.
Ringing in Ears which has continued and is ongoing as of today's date 12/13/2015.  Fever and flu like symptoms occurred and last for 48 hours.
"I came down with cold symptoms on 10/17/2015. It worsened to flu like symptoms the next day on 10/18/2015. When little improvement after taking over the counter, I went to the doctor on 10/22/2015."
Patient went to Dr. because he developed a rash on his face near and in his righ eye. His Dr. said that he had shingles.
Persistent upper arm and shoulder pain since the shot. I can't sleep on that side or the pain becomes unbearable.
PATENT CAME IN ON 12/12/2015 SAID HIS ARM HURTS EVER SINCE THE SHOT BUT ONLY WHEN HE LIFTS THE ARM.
Pt was given MCV-4 followed by influenza and a PPD and she promptly fainted for < 3 minutes.
"12/10/15 pt received PNEUMOVAX-23 and AFLURIA left arm IM about 2 inches apart around noon. Morning 12/11/15 pt had upon awakening shooting pain down legs, aching buttocks, and difficulty lifting all limbs. Told pt. to seek a doctor visit and called Dr. for follow-up later on 12/11/15. Pt has not seen doctor yet."
"Vaccines were given on December 10, 2015. Left thigh got swollen and red. Hep A given in right leg was 4 x 2 cm. DTaP in left leg was 16 x 12 cm. Treatment 9 mg = 2.25 ml."
"Left arm swollen around injection site of ZOSTAVAX. She reported rash at different part of body the day after getting the vaccine. The upper arm was red, swollen and warm to touch on 12/12/15. Patient said the swelling has been going down steadily. She is using BENADRYL."
Significant  shoulder pain and restricted range of motion in shoulder and arm.  Pain radiated down through arm to thumb.  Resulted in lack of sleep due to pain at night.  Naproxen taken for pain with no result.
"Patient experienced pain on left shoulder after receiving flu shot. She reported that this pain intensified that evening to a pain level of 9/10 and diminished over the course of the next 24 hours but never went away. On 12/5/15, she reported a continuous dull pain at level of 3/10. It hurt when raising arm or with pulling motion. She went to see orthopedic doctor on 12/1/15 who recommended MRI if no improvement in 1-2 weeks."
"Unsure whether it was the flu shot or a new lotion, but patient broke out with red bumps 3 days after shot."
Numbness to (R) hand - started approximately 1 day after vaccine and lasted around 2 wks.
Patient says the day following her immunization the injection site was raised and red but there was no bruising. The area is better now.
Patient presented to the ER 5 hours after receiving the vaccine in the pharmacy with swelling of lips and face.
"Redness and swelling noted at injection site, RD extending to elbow. C/O H/A and nausea advised to take BENADRYL, TYLENOL, ADVIL as directed and if no allergies as needed and to follow-up with MD."
"Above named employee reported: nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, chills, body aches 10 1/2 hrs after receiving Flu vaccine - lasted x 24 hrs, then fully recovered. Flu Vac manufacturer: Sanofi Pasteur Lot # UI482AA Exp. 6-30-2016."
"No reaction on day of immunization (12/11/15) except standard muscle soreness at sight. Patient woke up Saturday AM feeling lethargic, """"hung over"""" and with a rash on arm at site."""""
Tendonitis in arm where vaccine was administered.
Patient complained of soreness on arm since flu shot given.
"Sore arm, trouble lifting arm."
Patient complianed of severe bruising approx 4' diameter as well as soreness.
Lethargy malaise mental confusion.
"Pt received vaccine Tues 12/8/15. Pt states at 130am on Thurs had diarrhea/ vomiting, aches fatigue, vocal cord hoarseness, headache,  and a fever >100F. As of Friday after noon pt states residual diarrhea, no fever, and minimal aches."
"Rash and itching, more runny nose."
"Extremely painful and tender swelling and redness at site of shot and beyond down to wrist and across to chest. Pain and swelling lasted for 5 days. This was worse than the reaction the previous year, which was similar but not quite as extensive or long lasting."
I don't have an exact onset time so the one above reflects when the shot was given.  The patient's report was actually quite vague and I have difficulty attributing his shoulder pain to the vaccination. Patient came in to pharmacy today (12/14/2015) and complained that his shoulder has been hurting since he got the flu shot back in October.  His wife was not aware that it was bothering him until recently.
"Flu like symptoms like Fatigue, chills body ache, headache."
"Red, painful, raised area - warm to the touch for 3 days - went to walkin clinic on 12/14/15 - diagnosis was cellulitis secondary to injection - prescribed Keflex 500mg 1tid x10d."
"Nausea, Throw up, Fever, swollen throat.  Severe headache in early morning of 12/13/2015 abated late on 12/14/2015."
Patient reports fever up to 102 degrees F since receiving vaccination. Patient advised to consult their PCP for follow up.
"Red rash at onset, has grown in diameter to approximately 8 inches- elevated from skin with erythema. Darker red center with upraised white center at injection site."
Patient developed cellulitis.
Patient was given Pneumococcal 23 and should have received a Prevnar 13.
"Severe pain at left arm, just below injection site, with radiation to left shoulder and left elbow."
"Fever 102-104 started on 12/12/15, 12/13/15 mom noticed red, splotchy area on right arm, complaints of dizziness, and off balance, back, neck, and stomach pain, headache."
"Reddened area to most of right thigh. Had fever over weekend, was seen in the ER. Given instructions to apply ice and rotate Ibuprofen and TYLENOL for fever."
"Med asst prepared incorrect vaccine, flu 0.5 ml instead of 0.25 ml and I gave it."
"Dizziness and headache for 2 hours, with mild abdominal pain, starting several hours after vaccine administration (HPV4 [Merck] and influenza Fluzone Quad MDV."
"Severe constant stabbing pain in my left arm, pain originates at injection site and is deep into the bone near my rotator cuff, up into my neck and shoulder blade. Last week I took extra strength Tylenol or aspirin.  No improvement over the weekend. So when I came to work Monday, I went to the Med Unit (since that's where I received the flu shot). The Dr. at Med Unit diagnosed nerve pain at the injection site and recommended combining low-dose Tylenol and aspirin every 4-6 hours for the next several days to address pain. I'm having a lot of difficulty working. Pain is more severe when sitting at my desk and is now extending down my forearm."
"Both arms hurting, hot, sore for 1 wk - woke up with arms stabbing in pain and stiff and numb hands. Suffered for 2 1/2 months after seeing 2 doctors with no help. The suffering was horrible. Will never forget this!!!"
Patient states since receiving flu vaccine has had pain in Lt shoulder with ROM. Ibuprofen does not help. Now is painful to lay on that side. No recollection of any injury. No swelling or redness. Moderate pain with motion.
"Had flu shot 1 day ago, yesterday swelling finger, feet. Itching all over. Had sore throat. Headaches. Dizziness. Flu shot was given at pharmacy on 12/8/15."
"4 days after vaccine, rash on chest and vague itching on back with rash. Consistent with shingles."
"Temporal, periorbital HA, constant w/ varying degrees of intensity. ALEVE and TYLENOL taken w/o improvement. 12/08/15: MD appointment."
"Parent reports arthus type local reaction - large, red, hot, indurated response beginning app. 2 hours after administration and last 4 days."
Pt received his Flu shot and shortly after he went home he started to swell up and throat closed. He went to the ER for tx. Received steroids etc. and was released. Pt had a F/u with his PCP and called us to report.
Extreme soreness after administration on 10.17.15 went to MD 11/12 - given meloxicam. As of 12.1.15 no improvement. Patient concerned portion of needle remains in her arm.
"Day after shot notice large swollen lymph nodes on my (R) collar bone area, swelling continued up the (R) side of my neck and jawline and under my (R) armpit. Headache at (R) temporal area."
Redness and itching reported on 11/2/15 at site of PREVNAR injection (right arm). Administered 10/26.
Vaccines administered on 11-9-15. Received the flu vaccine in the (R) arm and the HPV in the (L) arm. Each vaccine given in deltoid. Lesion appeared in (L) deltoid. Flesh colored but increasing in size to form quarter size hard knot (2 1/2 cm x 4 cm).
"Left deltoid (injection) site became red, warm covering complete deltoid with induration on upper half of deltoid.  Hurt to raise left arm more than parallel to floor."
"Prolonged sleepiness, Lethargy, confusion, pupil constriction, abnormal response to stimulus."
Patient described a red knot the size of a baseball at the injection site that started itching approximately 2 hours after the administration and noticed the knot the next morning while taking a shower. Patient was referred to primary care provider for treatment if needed.
"Rash from elbow to shoulder on vaccinated arm -- occasionally itchy --""""scabbed up"""" according to mom -- not swollen or warm to touch.  Diarrhea x 2 days no fever or other symptoms.  ADLs WNL. We have a photo if you tell us how to send it to you."""""
"Redness chest and back, tightness abdomen, pinch in back feeling. Discussed increase cetirizine to one tab po bid.  Started topical fluocinonide.  Injection was given at 2nd floor injection center. Came for Allergy office appt. 12/14/15."
"First noticed tenderness & redness on left upper arm.  Condition worsen through the day to: area hot & hard to touch, redness increased and pain. Spoke with M.D. office. Advised to monitor & go to E.R. if condition worsens.  No treatment received."
"Achy, tender, swelling, redness (around arm down to elbow), chills, malaise."
"Patient Denies any Symptoms, Signs such as nausea, vomiting, headache, fever or allergic reaction."
"Patient's parents deny patient to have any signs and symptoms like nausea, vomiting, fever, or allergic reaction to vaccine."
Quarter size raised skin area at sight of injection with small amount of redness.
LARGE SOFTBALL SIZE AREA OF REDNESS AND SOME SWELLING.
Numbness and tingling at injection site since the date of administration.
Severe pain (constant) originating from the intercostal nerves (left side).  Vaccine was administered in left deltoid.  Pain was exacerbated when respirating.  I applied BENGAY ointment and took extra strength TYLENOL with very little reduction in pain level.  Pain resolved by 9 PM on 13 December 2015.
"Excessive shivering, extreme feeling of cold, body and joint ache, weakness, dizziness, nausea, headache. Took ibuprofen."
"Small pink rash away from injection site, headache, soreness at injection site. Rash reported 12/12, headache and soreness 12/16. Referred to primary MD 12/16. Hydrocortisone helped rash temporarily."
"In 4 hrs - fever, aching. 12 hrs later - fever, arm swollen, upper joints ached, chills. 3 days later - fever, chills, fatigue, nauseous, both arms and elbows ache, dizzy. Starting to improve."
Fever 103.8.
Patient fainted 15 min after injection. During the time of unconsciousness patient urinated. When she regain conscious she then began gagging.
None noted. Vaccine given at too early of an age. (Hepatitis A vaccine). Hepatitis A HAVRIX given 12/10/15.
"Information has been received from a physician referring to a 12 month old male patient. There were no pertinent medical history or drug reaction/allergies. On 02-NOV-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (lot # K024825, expiration date 02-DEC-2016, dose and route not provided), (Oka/Merck) VARIVAX (lot# L013824, expiration date 21-APR-2017, dose and route not provided), HAVRIX (manufacture unknown, dose, lot number and route not provided) and FLUZONE (manufacture unknown, dose, lot number and route not provided). The physician stated the patient was seen in the office on 08-DEC-2015 because of a """"fever of 102F"""" and a rash on his abdomen. The physician stated the patient was seen again on 10-NOV-2015 and """"the patient still had a 102F but now the rash all over his body, his face and chest were bright red like a sunburn, and the rest of his body, back, arms and legs, had a macular, papular rash that was very measles like and his feet appeared red and swollen"""". The physician stated that on 10-NOV-2015 it was also noted that the patient developed otitis media in the right ear. The physician stated she prescribed amoxicillin (manufacturer unspecified) for the otitis media. There were no diagnostics lab studies performed. The physician stated the patient's mother called the office on 13-NOV-2015 to report that the patient's fever had resolved but the rash on his face was """"scabbing over"""" (although the physician stated, """"the facial rash was never open or draining when the patient was in the office""""). Additional information has been requested."""""
"Feeling very bad, extreme fatigue, fever/chills, pt did not check tempature, injection site redness, (basball sized) hot to touch, extreme soreness/tenderness."
"Pain in shoulder, hurts when I lift arm up to ceiling"
"Had itching and clear shingles area on Lt upper arm, back of neck whelps and front neck itching. Went to ER - given IV drugs. Large bump on upper (Lt) arm and Lt thigh back - itching profusely."
Widespread rash.
"The patient is a 69 yo female with a history of hypothyroidism who presents to clinic for evaluation and recommendations of a local site reaction after vaccine receipt. The patient reports she received IIV at clinic (GSK lot# 25N22). She noted mild pruritus at the site several hours later. By afternoon it was erythematic, warm to touch and mildly tender, and continued to enlarge in affected area. She developed induration and mild edema. It reached a nadir on Wednesday and they contacted us due to concern for adverse reaction. There was no burning, streaking or dermatitis of papules, vesicles, pustules or erosions. She did not treat it with anything. She has normal ROM, no numbness or tingling. Her arthritis to her hands may be a little worse. She had mild malaise initially which resolved without treatment. She had no fever, chills, headache, cough, chest pain, nausea, emesis or diarrhea. She had no immediate symptoms at the vaccine receipt of urticaria, pruritus, shortness of breath, oral/tongue/facial swelling, conjunctivitis, rhinorrhea, chest pain, wheezing or nausea."
Right shoulder pain at end ranges since received flu shot one week ago.
"Hives on chest, upper back, upper arms, and face, red and itchy, subsided with Childrens Benadryl (7.5 ml). Hives occurred again the following three nights, subsiding with Benadryl or Allegra doses of 5 ml each time."
"Started getting itchy behind ears and itching all night long. Took antihistamine, didn't work. To medical center. No shortness of breath, cough. No difficulty swallowing, eating or talking. Rash mostly upper trunk some on arms and face, neck and ears. Give BENADRYL and prednisone for couple days."
"Patient developed pain, swelling and area of erythema at the placement site, starting a few hours after administration of vaccine. Pain does radiate to back of neck."
Rash on face/torso. BENADRYL 12.5mg/5ml - 2.5 ml given PO.
"Soreness in arm, decreased movement in arm (left). Patient called her place of employment on 11/30/15 to report she was having complications from the influenza vaccine from 11/24/2015. She went to her primary care physician for treatment. She reported that she was prescribed pain medication and allowed to go home."
"Patient was immunized with Fluzone HD (Lot# UI519AA, Exp 6/30/16) intramuscularly in his left arm on 11/28/15. Patient's wife reports to the pharmacy on 12/15/15 (17 days later) and states her husband is still experiencing soreness and limited range in mobility in his left arm. Patient received the immunization at around 5:10 P.M. and patient's wife states he did not experience any pain at the time of immunization. However, he began experiencing soreness the following evening on 11/29/15. She states there are no signs of redness or swelling, however he is unable to raise his left arm above his head and unable to move his arm too far backwards. She states he has not seen a doctor yet but plans to see his primary care physician soon."
"Patient advised he woke up and had hives all over and itching. By Wednesday the hives had gone down, but the itching was still present. Went to Doctor on 12/16/2015 and was told he had a reaction to the vaccine and was given a steroid shot."
"Pt states that his eyes begin itching and a few hours later his body was itching. He did not notice any rash or hives. He took a Claritin at 6pm and then Benadryl at 10pm. The next morning (12/15/15) he stated it took 50mg of Benadryl at 11am, 2pm and 6pm and took a Claritin sometime that morning. He felt like he was getting better. On 12/16/15 he did not take any medication. He did state his eyes were dry and he had to throw a contact away."
"DEVELOPED A RED, WARM, HARD AREA AT INJECNTION SITE ON RIGHT ARM."
Patient stated he had severe muscular pain and sensitivity at left shoulder. Symptoms started 2 weeks after receiving flu shot on 9/30/2015.
Patient had pain when she was getting the Flu shot and the pain never goes away. She can hardly move her arm.
Pt is having muscle pain (L) arm.
Pt requested FLUZONE HD and PNEUMOVAX 23 vaccines in same arm on 12/14/15. The vaccines were administered approximately 1 inch apart in left deltoid. Pt complained on 12/16/15 warm area and puffy red area. She went to PCP on 12/16/15 MD thinks maybe area of cellulitis treating w/penicillin.
"Fever, no itching of the site, pain with lifting, no trouble breathing, wheezing or throat tightness."
Arm where vaccine given began to ache deeply and prevents comfortable sleep. It is ongoing. Diagnoses: nicking of bone from vaccination; rotator cuff; mercury in vaccine causing bone pain.
"Heavy nose bleed, with no history of getting nose bleeds."
"Developed rash at vaccine administration site (L thigh) which spread to face and other thigh. PE vesicles on face, papules on thigh surrounding site."
"Patient reports a mild bruise with slight discoloration, approx. 2 inches in diameter, at the site of injection. Activities of daily living are not affected, no other adverse effects noted."
"First 3 days felt like """"Tetanus shot"""" - hot and painful, red. On 4th day, noticed a tiny dimple in middle of (L) deltoid. Started getting bigger and remained sore. Presently 2 cm deep and 2 1/2 in round. Saw ID doc - no infection. Seen at urgent care. US on 12/14."""""
Complex febrile seizure (resolved Todd's Paralysis).
Unable to move arm since he was given the flu shot.
"Fever greater then 100 F, runny nose, body aches, severe cough."
Flu shot - redness on 12/09/2015. Prevnar shot - redness on 12/10/2015.
"Pt. received 3 vaccines on 12/8/15 PREVNAR 13, HD Flu and Tdap. PREVNAR 13 and HD Flu in left upper arm. Pt. started with burning and rash 4 days after immunization on (L) arm. Pt came to office 12/17/15 and has been diagnosed with shingles on left upper arm. Treatment Gabapentin and VALTREX."
"Within 5-7 days after receiving flu vaccine, patients reports having searing pain and decreased strength to left arm as well as decreased ROM. Site of injection tender to touch."
"This case was reported by a nurse via call center representative and described the occurrence of respiratory tract infection viral in a 58-year-old female patient who received Influenza vaccine Quadrivalent. Concomitant products included vitamin B3, vitamin C and XALATAN eye drops. On 15th November 2015, the patient received Influenza vaccine Quadrivalent. In November 2015, several days after receiving Influenza vaccine Quadrivalent, the patient experienced respiratory tract infection viral (serious criteria GSK medically significant) and fatigue. On 15th November 2015, the patient experienced chills and feeling unwell. On 16th November 2015, the patient experienced headache and general body pain. On an unknown date, the outcome of the respiratory tract infection viral, chills, feeling unwell, fatigue, headache and general body pain were recovered/resolved. The reporter considered the respiratory tract infection viral, chills, feeling unwell, fatigue, headache and general body pain to be almost certainly related to Influenza vaccine Quadrivalent. Additional details were provided as follows: The exact flu vaccine was not known. The reporter only knew that it was Quadrivalent. On 15th November 2015, she received the vaccine at 8:30 pm and within 30 minutes she felt the chills. It felt like she was getting sick. She woke up the next day with headache and body aches that lasted for a few days. The respiratory infection presented a few days later following those symptoms. She could not provide the lot and expiration date at the time of the call but said she would call back to provide it. She reported her symptoms to a nurse on her floor who monitored her until it resolved."
Developed fairly severe left arm pain from injection site persisting. Dr apt 12/17/15 for severe pain L shoulder/bursitis started on Prednisone dose pack.
Left arm cellulitis.
Whole body rash and fever.
"Itching, red, swollen at local site. Diphenhydramine 50 mg PRN."
Persistent left shoulder pain with onset of limitation of ROM and weakness.
"He had a fever, arm extremely sore, red swollen (half dollar coin size), very warm to the touch."
"On day of shot patient said it made her hyper.  Today (12/17/15) she said that she had tingling around the injection site and now the area below the injection site has a welt that is ~3""""x1"""" as well as another area below the injection site ~ 6""""x3"""" that is numb to touch sensation."""""
"Extreme pain for seven weeks in left arm and should. Unable to move arm in certain ways, loss of physical control (like grasping objects), sharp pain, numbness in hand and arm."
"Fast heartbeat, swelling inside right sinus and ear, extreme swelling right side if face, from ear to jaw center and some difficulty breathing."
Left arm hard to lift still. Started day after shot was received. Soreness still there.
"Swelling, warmth, pain upper L arm progressively worse over next few d and inducing pain and tenderness in proximal thorax and shoulder girdle.  Lasting over 10 d."
"Not sure about onset, patient was not clear. Called in Monday 12/14/15 and complained of pain/numbness, and cold fingers. Suggested ibuprofen."
"Initial sting, then swollen, painful, area around shot sites; bruise evident at shots site (had both flu and pneumonia shots); applied Arnica salve; unable to sleep on left side that night; on morning of 12/16, still swollen, painful and bruised at shots site; applied Arnica salve; achy all over, but especially lower back; took 3 aspirin at 8 AM; spent most of the day in bed with hot pack on lower back; better as day progressed; on morning of 12/17, woke up with lower back an shots site still hurting; applied Arnica and took 3 more aspirin; better as day progressed; on 12/18, still achy but better; did not take aspirin."
Patient described having tender face and scalp three days after Afluria and Prevnar vaccinations. Patient had never had Prevnar before. Patient also experienced malaise/aching/fatigue and rash/skin peeling on forehead starting three days after which lasted for about 7 days.
The pt was screaming in fear during the injection and then he passed out. He did not get a fall injury or hit his head but I wanted to report that he passed out in case of a later reaction.
"Patient developed a red, hard swelling at injection site. She did not experience any pain or pruritis at the site. Only notice when dressing the hard spot.  Through the day it increased in size to that of a half dollar. Patient took diphenhydramine to alleviate symptoms.  The symptoms resolved and as of 12/18/15 afternoon the site has nearly returned to normal."
"Started with pain on location of injection. Then next day was on the shoulder and neck. Since then I have been having severe migraines, elevated blood pressure, light headed, faint chills, and flu."
Severe left upper arm/shoulder pain especially picking things up.
"Tired, achy, went to bed early."
Patient denies constantly aching at the vaccinated site. Denies any swelling or bruising. Patient has tried to massage it but the pain has not improved. Patient called in to pharmacy 12/19/2015 5:30pm to report to me that he had experienced pain ever since he received the vaccination. I advised the patient take Ibuprofen/Tylenol to help with the pain and for him to follow-up with his PCP. I also advised him to call me back if condition worsen or if he has any other questions.
Arm severe pain stabbing burning arm hurts to use medrol dose.
My arm start hurting and aching so much so I had to stop what I was doing and come home. The shot was given high up on my arm and hurt like no other shot I've every received.
"Patient called pharmacy 6 weeks after receiving Flu and Prevnar13 shot stating that she has been having constant pain and not able move her left arm where she received the Prevnar13 vaccine. Patient states that she had tried several self treatment to help with the pain such Opiods, NSAIDs as well as applying Ice pack at the site of injection without relieve of the pain."
"Achy, shakes/shivering, nausea, muscle aches, joint aches, stiff neck, follwed the next day by severe cold type symptoms."
"Fever, congestion. Patient went to walk-in clinic and they sent her straight to emergency room. Treated with unknown meds in ER, given Zpak and Albuterol rx."
"Has been several weeks, over a month since patient received Zostavax vaccination. Patient reports prolonged arm soreness and has used tiger balm (OTC) to temporarily relieve the pain."
"I have been allergy free for 10 years... I received my first flu vaccine 3 years ago and immediately I had to go back on Chlorpheniramine Maleate due to constant sneezing & runny nose....every year after that I received the flu vaccine and I had to increase the dose of my medication because the symptoms got worse after each flu vaccine...I am an RN and I believe the flu vaccine exacerbates allergies and you need to consider that as a side effect of the flu vaccine, as I continue to get worse every year I have taken it...."
"It was warm and swollen. It was hurtful, red, swollen at the site of injection. When pt came on 12/17 to pick up medication, it looks OK."
Patient had some swelling and redness at the injection site along with a rash around the site. Patient also complaining of tenderness at the site.
Client broke out in head to toe rash with raised bumps. Was diagnosed with measles 12-12-15.
Immediate localized reaction after vaccine administered. Arm swelled at injection site and bruised.
"Very red, sore, warm to touch, occurred few hours after vaccines administered."
"Upper left arm swollen, erythema, and hot to the touch at injection site."
"Approx. 10 minutes after receiving HPV #1, youth felt dizzy while sitting down in lab and having blood work drawn. Then, felt dizzy and rolled head and stated he was dizzy. Blood sugar immediately taken via finger stick and glucometer was 56. No food since yesterday 12/18/15 t.c. to mother. No further sx."
Pt developed diffuse itchy hives across back and along arms. Recommended pt to use BENADRYL and seek emergency help if symptoms worsen.
Patient followed up with pharmacy a week after receiving immunizations to state she had swollen lymph nodes in arm that received flu shot and that she couldn't raise that arm initially. And she was in bed for several days.
7.5 x 9.5 erythema and warmth on upper left thigh.
"Possible seizure or syncope, patient wasn't able to stand for a second, then when mom picked her up she felt a little shake from patient. Spoke to mom about a hour later and next day, she said patient is fine, patient acted normal and also slept fine."
None.
Got flu vaccine 11/13/15. Still has bruise and indentation where shot was given. Having pain in (L) arm and neck and shoulder. These pains got worse after flu vaccine.
"Tasted median, throat swelling, knot, itching, sick/aches, eyes matted shut by 11/30/15, legs heavy."
"Arm at site of injection red and hot to the touch. Developed hives on arm, back and neck. Face turned splotchy and red."
The patient reported that they can't move their arm without a sharp pain. There is a large red spot between the shoulder and the elbow. It also burns and tingles and hurts when her shirt touches the area. The patient said she would be contacting her primary care physician on Monday.
"Headache, 2 day rash neck - upper chest, unsteady and shaky, fell headlong, hurt shoulders, hands, knees, BP up 175/82 - got physical therapy for injury."
"Shingles (R) scalp: within a week of my vaccinations I had symptoms of shingles; tingly (R) scalp, hive-like line of """"rash"""" base of scalp, pain to elbow (R) arm; this progressed to pain and redness of (R) scalp, another breakout (R) anterior neck; soreness (R) eye. No known fever but malaise and sx of general illness. MD - 11/25/15 misdiagnosed. M.D. 11/29/15 started Famciclovir and Gabapentin. Shingles ongoing. Had shingles vacc. in 2007."""""
Tremors and low grade fever which has subsided.
"Dull throbbing on-off like a real small toothache, at times feels like something isn't right still. 2 months < later into Dec. 2015."
"Client called, reported 2 days after vaccine given, injection site reddened (2 in) with pink raised area (4-5 in) down arm towards elbow. No fever, no pain, has headaches (normal for her), arm """"felt weird"""" warm to touch. Explained if it got worse or not improving, seek medical attention. Arm back to normal in 1-2 days."""""
"The normal pain from a flu shot never went away, just got worse. I have had flu shots for 47 years and this has never happened.  It hurts to use my arm, sleep on that side, reach backwards, etc."
"At 3 AM on 12/19/15 I woke up with numb/tingling and cold feet, a temperature of 102.9, generalized body aches and chills, chest and back pain, and nausea. I was brought into the emergency department by my husband. Lab work and chest xray came back normal and I was informed the cause for symptoms was unknown but they may be related to receiving the flu vaccine and instructed to come back if my symptoms, especially if my neurological symptoms, increased or if I developed new symptoms and I was discharged home. I continued to run a low grade fever, and continued with numb/tingling feet, and generalized feeling of not feeling well. I woke up 12/20/19 at 8:00 am feeling numbness and tingling on the left side of my face and noticed I was drooling from the left side of my mouth. My family noted the left side of my face was drooping. Again my family brought me into Emergency department. The doctors there worked me up for stroke which was negative and it was determined I had recurrent Bells Palsy. I was given a prescription for Prednisone and Valacyclovir and discharged home. I later found out in people with a history of certain Bell's palsy the flu vaccine is not recommended and discovered cases of Bells Palsy after receiving the vaccine have been reported. I was never asked in the screening questions prior to receiving the flu vaccine if I had Bell's Palsy."
"Rash over body from groin all the way up including arms, itching; started 48 hours post shot; also for 30 min. has chest burning and heart palpitation. Second tome this happened, first was w/steroid injection of knee. Also occurred after 48 hours; pt took ZYRTEC (pt allergic to BENADRYL)."
On 11/19/2015 patient was seen in ER for bursitis from reaction to flu vaccine on 10/29/2015. Patient advises recommendation for therapy twice weekly.
Few hours after vaccine urticaria x 5 days 11/6/15 - 11/10/15.
"Redness, swelling, warm skin site of administration (left arm). Her doctor prescribe: Doxycycline 100 mg BID (one tab twice a day)."
"This spontaneous report was received from a pharmacist concerning a 65 year old female patient. The patient's concurrent conditions included allergy to codeine. On 03-DEC-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of ZOSTAVAX (lot # L029482, expiration date: 06-NOV-2016), dose and route were not reported. Other suspect therapies included FLUZONE and PREVNAR 13; both administered on 03-DEC-2015 at an unknown dose and unknown route. On 12-DEC-2015, the patient began to experience """"painful, itchy spots"""" on her torso and on the following morning (reported as 14-DEC-2015), the spots like """"pimples"""", remaining mostly on the torso. She sought medical attention by calling the pharmacy. The pharmacist reported that as of 15-DEC-2015, the patient stated that the spots have mostly crusted over. The pharmacist stated, that the patient has not visited her primary care physician yet, and probably would not. No treatment was given for the events. The outcome of the events was not reported. The relatedness between the events and ZOSTAVAX, FLUZONE and PREVNAR 13 was not provided. Additional information has been requested."""""
"Vomiting starting a few hours after given vaccine, resolving within a few hours."
"Employee reports she had """"pain/difficulty moving right shoulder after flu vaciantion""""."""""
Employee reports pain in joint at site of vaccine.
"Red, spotty, blistering rash all over body."
Influenza vaccine administered around 1:30 PM. Employee returned to clinic around 2:00 PM with c/o of itching and hives under right arm (vaccine given in right deltoid).
"Patient was seen at ED 12/19/2015 for rash post vaccination.  He previously had a similar reaction to same vaccines but not as severe.  Patient was prescribed prednisone and sent home.  Patient followed up at ED 12/20/2015 for continued rash, given IM Decadron in ED, sent home with prescription for Benadryl and Tylenol and advised to continue Prednisone.  Patient seen today in clinic 12/21/2015 for follow-up.  Patient with worsening rash despite treatment with medications.  Patient was send to another ED for further evaluation and treatment."
Pain in bicep down the whole arm and unable to move the arm without the assistance of my other hand. Went to ER due to intense pain and immobility and was diagnosed with Tendonitis.  Had a follow up with my Doctor one week later who diagnosed me with Frozen Shoulder and put me on steroids.  After steroids ran out the pain and immobility are still present and I have received a referral to go to Physical Therapy.  I am also doing acupuncture and massage therapy for pain management.
"Redness and swelling of the left thigh. Parents brought child in for re-check. Called parents today 12/21/15, left message."
Patient reported swelling initially at injection site which spread down to elbow and up to top of shoulder. Also very painful. Called pharmacy 12/20/15 in late afternoon and stated the left arm was three times larger than right and red only on outer aspect of arm. The patient applied cold compress and took ibuprofen to help with pain and swelling. On 12/21/15 the pain has decreased and arm swelling is reduced. still not back to normal but stated he is feeling better. The patient contacted his primary physician on 12/21/15 as well.
"4x6 redness with he middle 2x3 swollen, 99.8 fever, watery eyes, difficulty breathing, using inhaler, raised rash warm to touch, itchy when Benadryl wears off."
"Pt required emergency care after receiving flu and Pneumovax in her right arm.  Got fever, chills and extreme pain in her arm that ultimately prompted her to go to Emergency room. Treated her symptomatically and sent her home. She went to the local Urgent care the following day because symptoms escalated and her arm became more swollen.  At this point she was diagnosed with a bacterial infection with cellulitis and she was treated with antibiotics."
"Pt received flu vaccine on 12/03/2015 with no outstanding observations. Pt reported to pharmacy on 12/22 c/o continuing pain in vaccine administered arm. Pt did not report any swelling, redness, or itchiness in arm."
"This spontaneous report was received from a licensed vocational nurse and refers to a 5 year old male patient. No information regarding the patient's medical history and concomitant medications was reported. On 02-NOV-2015 at 02:42 pm, the patient was vaccinated with an improperly stored dose (it was patient's first dose) of PROQUAD (Merck) lot # K009891, expiration date 11-JAN-2016, subcutaneous in the right arm (strength and dose were not provided). Concomitant vaccinations included the first dose of KINRIX lot # reported As S4L2R, intramuscular in the left arm and the first dose of influenza virus vaccine (unspecified) lot # reported as DF92Z, intramuscular in the left arm (both given on the same time as the suspect vaccine). There was no illness at the time of vaccination. No adverse effects were reported. The patient was vaccinated at public health clinic/hospital and the vaccine was purchased with public funds. This is one of the several reports received from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all correspondence was received."
On 10-7-15 pt received a immunization at hospital. Patient came into her PCP on 12-1-15 because her left deltoid has been sore since she received the influenza immunization vaccine.
Redness and swelling to injection site on right arm.
Itchy red rash developed to right arm about 2-3 days after she received the shot. Rash lasted several days. Did not go to MD for this.
Urticaria torso and upper extremities.
"Vaccine given 11-5-2015 11-6-2015 for 5 days had extreme fatigue, body aches, pain left deltoid (site of injection) which radiated to left shoulder and neck. Had intermittent twitching of muscles left arm. Several symptoms lasted 5 days. """"Took a few more days to feel normal"""". No fever no cough."""""
I shook uncontrollable for about 30 minutes and felt a chill. I was about to go to ER when the symptoms calmed down.
Soreness since injection.  Some limited ROM.
The patient complained of bruising.  She said the pharmacist required her to rest her arm on the desk. She said the pharmacist's technique was the cause of her bruise.  The shot was administered on the deltoid muscle--the patient pointed to the place where she got the shot.
"Received flu shot, pt was experiencing gradual muscle pain where immunization occurred. At night, its hard for pt to lift arm w/o excruciating pain. Pt came in on Monday (12/14/15) to complain Rph wrote up VAERS."
C/O 2 months of Lt deltoid pain. Pain with sleeping on shoulder and raising arm.
Patient had seizures for 10 minutes or so roughly 10 minutes following influenza immunization.
"Per mom patient was crying a lot after vaccine. Not wanting to eat refused bottle. Pt had a seizure a day after vaccine. No fever. Mid November had an episode of vomiting, acting weak, seemed limp. 12/1 was seen her for f/u and got flu vaccine, next day had GI sx, Mom layed down with him to take a nap, his whole body began shaking, everything deviated to the left, arms went up and to left, eyes looked to left, purple lips, lasted 2 minutes. Called 911 and transported to hospital, admitted, did an MRI and EEG, both came out normal."
"This spontaneous report as received from a licensed vocational nurse refers to a 16 year old male patient. The patient had no illness at time of vaccination. No information on patient's medical history or concomitant medications was provided. On 02-NOV-2015 at 02:59 PM., the patient was vaccinated with the second dose (reported as #1 given elsewhere) of VARIVAX (Merck) injection, lot# K026385, subcutaneously (dose and expiration date were not reported) that was improperly stored. The patient's concomitant vaccines given on the same day and time included HAVRIX, (manufacturer reported as GlaxoSmithKline, first dose, intramuscularly) and FLUARIX (first dose, intramuscularly). No adverse effects were reported. This is one of the several reports from the same source. Additional information is not expected as all correspondence was received."
Soreness in arm of injection
"Redness, warm area, itchiness. Dr. ordered labs (all within range) and a course of antibiotics."
Sore for 3-4 days. Took Band Aid Off and saw blister. Blister - with red liquid.
The shot produces a large painful lump under the skin. The lump is smaller but the skin is discolored and it's 3 months later. It looks/feels like a scar or bruise.
"Upper arm and shoulder very sore.  Limited mobility.  Shoulder freezes up after laying down for an extended period of time, or if circulation is diminished.  Takes lots of motion to get pain to go away, but still with limited motion.  Icy Hot, Ice, and Heat.  No lasting improvement."
Rash with 4 papules on R ant thigh at site of VZV vaccine admin.
"Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 13 year old patient of unknown gender. There was no pertinent medical history. The patient was allergic to penicillin (unspecified). On 18-NOV-2015, the patient was vaccinated with first dose of VAQTA (lot number L015460, expiration date 20-JUL-2017, dose and route unknown) in unspecified arm. Concomitantly, the patient received an unspecified flu vaccine (lot number, dose and route unknown). On the same day, the patient experienced a sore arm at injection site and red eyes later in the day of vaccination. The patient also had additional symptoms including a fever of 102F, sore throat and headache. The patient sought medical attention via contacting physician's office by the parent. No treatment was given for the events. No lab diagnostics studies were performed. The outcome of the events was unknown. The causality between the events and VAQTA was unspecified. This is one of two reports received from the same source. Additional information has been requested."
"Soreness in left arm, difficulty grasping objects, knot in muscle, difficulty in lifting arm above shoulder soreness began with immunization and has persisted."
"HAD FEVER, redness and site is warm to touch was treated on 12/22/15 Septra 800 mg -160 mg 1 tab BId."
"Extreme pain at site. Continued pain with movement of arm - across body or over head. Received testing, 2 courses of prednisone. Pain continues."
Receives Flu shot 05Nov15 - Arm is still sore and cannot raise arm above head.
"Swelling from injection site to hand, pain, numbness, decreased grip strength."
"Patient indicated 2-3 hours after she received a flu vaccine she started to get very cold, felt like she was freezing then patient was shaking like chills. She said she felt disoriented like she was in shock and could not think clearly enough to push her medical alert button. It subsided in 3-4 hours."
"Few hours after administration, pt felt arm in inflamed, burning spreaded from arm to neck and shoulder blades and arms. Seek medical attention from her physician. Doctor diagnosed her with Brachial Plexus Neuritis. Taking anti-inflammatory."
GARDASIL was inadvertently given as a 4th dose. No adverse reaction.
Shortly after shot my left shoulder began to hurt and tingle. It was warm and sore to the touch. By bedtime it was starting to hurt to lift or move my left arm. I am only able to sleep on my left side but due to the pain I wasn't able to do so. This pain lasted for about 4-5 days. After that although it is not as painful I still have a constant ache in my shoulder and it is still difficult to raise or use my left arm without pain.
"1. 6:30 PM: Started getting chills. 2. 8:30 PM: Evolved into shaking, chills, could not get warm, bones ached, ears hurt, severe headache.  Note:  The patient did not take his temperature. 3.  Between 12 AM and 2 AM symptoms did not improve.  Patient took 2 tablets of Tylenol 650mg ea. 4.  Around 3 AM all symptoms resolved except for Headache.  Patient fell asleep. 5. When patient woke up at about 8 AM on 12/23/15, all symptoms were resolved."
"Red, rashy, swollen from site to fingertips, heat present, painful patient did not seek treatment from physician because she had upcoming appointment.  It was at that time she showed her physician her arm.  Physician said to notify us of the reaction."
Generalized rash and itching.
"Pt's guardian came in and reported that patient had six Grand Mal seizures. Pt has a history of seizures, but has not had one in many months. Pt's guardian reports she is not sure if it is related to Immies, but wanted us to know. Pt has received care at Local ER following event."
"Paralysis in arm and leg. Mostly in first 48 hours, then symptoms decreased."
"Patient complains of pain at the site of Flu shot injection, internally (muscular pain), sharp pain when lifting arm that began after injection on 11/20/15 and never went away and no pain, when arm is at rest. Went to urgent care 12/19/15."
"Vomiting, headache, slight swelling of lips and eyelids. 12-15-15 PHENERGAN 25mg IM x 1 at 11.10. Pt tolerated well."
Patient reported a painful arm from elbow up to shoulder and red bands of discoloration on arm as well.
CHILLS. FLU/COLD SYMPTOMS.
"The patient exhibited a vagal response to the Flu Vaccine, whereby he felt woozy, and biefly fainted, but quickly regained consciousness.  The patient was walked to a chair, elevated his legs, and was given water and cookies.  No medications were warranted."
"Usual soreness/stiffness post-shot began evening of shot and has continued since.  Pain and restriction of movement began about a week after shot and have been increasing since.  Full-range of arm motion not possible.  Unable to do """"push-ups."""""
Stomach pains.
"Pt. administered influenza high dose at 10:42 12/23/15 and at 4 pm c/o cough, sore throat x 3 hrs, joint pains at neck, knot in stomach (left) x 10 hrs and felt like vomiting, decreased appetite, chills, slight headache. pt says her headaches and neck pain are better now. (Pt denies fever, no diarrhea, no chest pain, no swelling of hips, tongue or throat, no shortness of breath). Offered appointment and pt declined. Discussed urgent care of ER if symptoms or worsen or fail to improve."
Low grade fever aches pains met with primary care had extreme joint pain blood work up done sed rate at 81 and crp at 1.9 then referred to RA specialist not RA did more blood work sed rate up to 94 crp 2.7 put on prednisone.
"Racing heartbeat, sharp muscle pain at injection site within 10 minutes of vaccine. Significant fatigue, malaise, and body aches onset within 18 hours after injection and continued for the next three days. Continued intermittent muscle pain and stiffness of the injected extremity."
"Broke out in hives on both arms, fever of 102.5, body aches and pains, diarrhea, sore throat, and dizziness."
Severe pain and loss of range of motion. Treated with pain medication and physical therapy. My condition has not improved.
"Red rash around my trunk, mostly on the front and flanks, of my body from neck to waist line. Very itchy & red. I took a Loratadine tablet & used cortisone cream. Before bed I took Benadryl. It's the next morning now & the symptoms are unchanged. I get a flu vaccine every year and have never had this reaction."
"Severe pain in left arm and back, and numbness in left arm. Pt has treated areas with OTC products for pain but not sucessful in alleviating discomfort. She cannot raise arm due to severe pain."
Fever sore throat.
"Chills, Nausea, Cold Sweat, Uncontrollable shaking, Headache."
"Rash, extremely itchy, first traveled up vein on right arm (thought maybe Shingles)-moved to both sides, small raised bumps, red patches, easily became inflamed and bled. 11/17/2015-Went to clinic at 3:30 PM-diagnosed as possible flu shot reaction-possible Eczema, given steroid shot and a course of oral steroids (started 4 for two day, then 3 for two days, etc.), told I should get relief from itching later that evening. 11/18/2015 through 11/24/2015 continued to itch and the rash spread from arms to torso and legs. 11/24/2015-Returned to clinic, diagnosed as allergic reaction to flu shot with an egg allergy, told I needed to watch how much egg I ate each day, given another round of oral steroids starting at 4/4, given Atarax."
Arm swelled up very big and lots of pain.
"Injection site was high on shoulder, soreness at injection site has not resolved and has worsened and migrated to shoulder joint as of today 12/28/2015."
Lower right arm is numb.
"About 5 minutes after patient received FLUZONE HD, she felt shooting pain down her spine. The ambulance took patient to ER, where nothing significant was found."
Got chills and shaky about 60 minutes after getting her shot.
Left arm pain and weakness. Continuing to present.
"Red, inflammation and pain on left arm. Patient sure it was radiating from pneumonia shot. Lasted for 2 weeks. Had fever of around 101 degrees F. for 4 days."
Pain (L) deltoid for over 6 wks.
13 year old child here for vaccines administered flu 0.5 cc (R) deltoid HPV #3 (L) deltoid. C/O dizziness - semiconscious - revived within 30 minutes left clinic with stable VS.
"Deltoid pain, prolonged without initial reaction, just musc pain present still 12/22/15, but improved Tx with po ibuprofen US and lab w/u (-)."
Arm weakness - treatment by ortho physician.
Patient has pain and soreness at site of injection since day of vaccination (44 days). She is going to get X-ray.
Mother bought pt to office for a rash that was present over entire body including face and neck. No fever or other symptoms reported. PCP confirmed that rash was consist ant with post-vaccination reaction to one of the live-virus vaccines (MMR/Varicella).
11-30-15 pt. received MMRV vaccine without incident. 12-18-15 pt developed a quickly spreading macular pap non-vesicular non-inflamed diffuse rash with distinct boundaries on torso spreading to extremities. Afebrile.
Pt called us on 10-5-15 -stating pain in her left arm since getting Flu shot on 9-21-15. We have treated her with ketorolac pills and shots. Also treat her with prednisone and DILAUDID. Pt's better after shoulder injection.
"This case was reported by a pharmacist via call center representative and described the occurrence of hives in a 54-year-old female patient who received BOOSTRIX (batch number YM7J9, expiry date unknown). Co-suspect products included ENGERIX B adult (batch number 24JP3, expiry date unknown) and Influenza vaccine unspecified. On 19th December 2015, the patient received BOOSTRIX .5 ml, ENGERIX B adult 1 ml and influenza vaccine unspecified. On 19th December 2015, 15 min after receiving BOOSTRIX, ENGERIX B adult and Influenza vaccine unspecified, the patient experienced hives and rash. On an unknown date, the outcome of the hives and rash were unknown. It was unknown if the reporter considered the hives and rash to be related to BOOSTRIX, ENGERIX B adult and Influenza vaccine unspecified."
Sore and sometimes tingling arm.
Had Influenza vaccine 12/15/15. Developed Left-sided Bell's Palsy 1 wk later.
Ongoing pain in (L) arm where vaccine was administered.
Syncope - 1 minute after immunization administered. Immediately regained consciousness.
#NAME?
"Patient developed (L) arm pain and limited arm use after vaccine. She let us know today (12/29/15). No weakness or numbness, referred for Physical Therapy."
"Severe shoulder pain following the treatment loss of mobility of right shoulder and extreme pain, loss of sleep, family Dr states bursitis and rehab needed."
Patient says vaccine FLUZONE given too high in her shoulder and resulted in fluid accumulation. Has tried anti-inflammatories and antibiotics but no change. Trying steroids next to decrease fluid.
"Tingling in hands and feet as well as face. Hearing loss in right ear and a locked jaw for 48 hours after receiving vaccine. Also, patient reports distressed breathing."
"Pain in left arm where vaccine was administered 10/28/2015, pain, chills, fatigue, after approximately 4 to 5 hours after injection.  The pain became extreme and worsened during the night, I was unable to have use of my left arm, unable to roll over in bed,difficulty getting out of bed, shower, clothe myself, cook food, carry groceries into my house, drive my vehicle, lacked the ability to live alone. PCP 11/10/2015, Tramadol 50mg 11/17/2015, Rheumatologist 11/21/2015, PCP 12/08/2015, Rheumatologist 12/12/2015."
"Patient developed approximately 100 lesions across his body, including legs, hands, mouth, and genitals. Most were small, but a few were 1/2 inch in diameter. He also had a low-grade Fever that lasted for 4 days."
"Sore arm, sore muscle in left arm at injection site."
"Swollen, tender injection site. Headache. Muscle aches. Tender armpit."
"COLD SYMPTOMS, INFECTED GUMS, PARONYCHIA, DEVELOPED SEVERE COLD SYMPTOMS 12/30/2015.  IMMUNE SYSTEM COMPROMISED."
RASH ON THE ARM WHERE INJECTION WAS ADMINISTERED.
"This medically confirmed heath authority report (initial receipt 16-Dec-2015) concerns a 43 year old female patient. The patient had medical history of multinodular goitre. On 09-Nov-2015, the patient received intramuscular Afluria 2015/2016 (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number """"31601"""") for flu vaccination. On 10-Nov-2015, 2 days after vaccination, the patient developed oral mucosal eruption and oral pruritus. The patient developed fresh itchy erythema that speckled in the entire mouth and palate area. The events lasted for 8 days. The outcome was recovered on 17-Nov-2015. Reporter's Comments: PEI ref number: DE-PEI-PEI2015079145. Reporter's comments: 'measure: Recessan balm'. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness: Serious. Medically significant. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information, both events are unlisted  Causality: Possible. Mucosal eruptions are often observed in allergic reactions to certain drugs such as antineoplastics and antibiotics. However, in the absence of such information, an atypical hypersensitivity reaction to the vaccine  may be considered plausible. This, together with the event's temporal proximity to the vaccination, makes ths the assessment plausible."""""
"Vaccines 12/22. Fever 104 degrees 12/23. Febrile seizure - ER, no tx."
Bursitis from immunization (FLUARIX) administered high on the upper arm. Physical therapy and rest as treatments.
"Local redness around injection site, soreness at injection site and shoulder."
"PREVNAR in right arm, had large """"bubble"""", went away after 36 hours, bruise developed, developed rash on thigh above knee unilaterally, went away. Has developed night sweats then night sweats dissipated, lost wt (13 lbs)."""""
"Reaction to ZOSTAVAX arm. Swelling, given erythromycin from ER and prednisone."
"Red, swollen and painful upper (L) arm will be evaluated by primary care physician."
"For three and half months, had constant pain, soreness, and lost strength in right arm. Went to doctor and was x-rayed. Needed to go to rehab for two and half months for twice a week treatments."
Right shoulder pain that has lasted over a month.
Patient returned to pharmacy on 12-22-15 stating she had to visit her doctor because she cannot raise her arm since she received the Influenza vaccine.
"Runny nose, sinus pain, headache, sore throat, croupy cough, weakness, generalized body ache, light headedness, malaise, loss of appetite: most sym. much improved in 2 wks. Saw doctor on 10-15-15. TYLENOL, pseudoephedrine, DELSYN, guaifenesin, then antibiotic on 10-15."
"Two inch diameter redness at injection site, left deltoid, otherwise patient is asymptomatic."
"Work at hospital. Mandatory flu shots. Received my shot morning of 9/10/15 w/in 48 hrs hands were swollen, could not shut my hands, red, hot. Within 5 day shoulder."
During the night of 12/21/15-12/22/15 I developed a large amount of swelling on my right shoulder (The site of two vaccinations). This was in addition to a red circle approximately three inches in diameter that was warm to the touch. Pain and limitation of the movement of my shoulder also developed during this time. Swelling began to go down beginning 12/27/15. Pain still persists - Slight improvement in ability to move shoulder.
"Severe allergic reaction includes: hives swollen/grainy tongue, swollen face with pins on face, neck, both arms, and head. Feeling of electricity on head and face. Very fast heart beat, insomnia."
"PATIENT FELT USUAL ADVERSE EFFECTS FROM FLU IMMUNIZATION SORENESS WHERE THE SHOT WAS GIVEN, HEADACHE AND ACHES."
Hives all over her body. Complained of itched and pains all over her body.
"Pt had a generalized convulsion while at work.  Movement was noted in all 4 extremities.  Pt initially unresponsive to first responders, then agitated once awake."
Patient came in the pharmacy the next day and reported swollen lip and swollen right eye that developed about four hours after his FLUZONE HIGH DOSE flu shot.
Persistent shoulder joint pain since injection 2 weeks ago. Cannot lift arm without significant pain.
"Starting on Friday, Saturday, Sunday I noticed that my vision was not as clear as my right and my left eye felt different from my right.  On  Monday, 10/26/15 I went to my optician office and had testing performed and was referred to neurologist ophthalmologist.  On 10/28/15 I saw the specialist who prescribed Dexamethasone, 4mg, and ordered MRI's, carotid ultrasound, lab work.  On 10/29/15 the tests were performed.  On 11/4/15 - I had an appt. with my PCP who ordered a chest x-ray, additional lab work and referred me to a Rheumatologist due to 1989 I was diagnosed with sarcoidosis.  11/6/15 - Appt. with rheumatologist - negative for sarcoidosis. 12/29/15 - I had an appointment for a second opinion with neurologist ophthalmologist.  At this appointment, slight improvement although I do not notice it with my vision.  I wore the mono vision contact lenses and with my current vision in my left eye, I cannot continue to wear them because they do not help with my current vision and my job requires me to be at the computer.  I have an appointment this coming Monday to get a new prescription to help me with my current vision status to see better.  Hopefully, in a few months my vision will return and some of the darkness will be gone."
"Patient was given TDAP, FLU SHOT (IM) and VARICELLA (SQ) on the right arm and TWINRIX (IM) on the left arm. After patient was given vaccines, patient stated she was not feeling well. She stated her head was hurting and was having trouble swallowing and trouble breathing. I called the RN into my office and she asked the patient if she had ever had a reaction to a vaccine and patient stated no. Then RN gave patient Benadryl 20 ml and administered an EPIPEN at 2:05 PM , 911 was called immediately. Paramedics checked patient vitals and after patient vitals were stable she was asked to be transported to the hospital by ambulance, but patient denied. She stated she wanted her husband to take her to the hospital and she was advised to go to the nearest hospital as soon as possible, due to EPIPEN was administered."
"Pt. received (client or employee) Influenza vaccine 0.5 ml intradermally. Nurse took influenza vial from container that was labeled for Mantoux Vaccine. Mantoux vaccine was intranasal. (R) forearm, where influenza vaccine was administered became swollen, red, and warm for a few hours. S/S decreased after by AM."
"Patient came to our pharmacy and want a Flu vaccine for his work. I administer the vaccine after he answer all questionnaire. He left and 30 minutes later called and swoll he experience Flu-like symptom; fatigue, tingling lip, metallic."
"On 12-14-15 patient was given both MMRV and Varicella. Patient was treated 10 days prior to this for positive strep. Parent reported rash on 12-24-15, was seen by provider and recommended BENADRYL PRN. As of 12-29-15 rash was gone, no other symptoms reported."
"Swelling all around vaccinated area (3 - 4 inches), redness down my arm and all around the vaccinated area, very painful.  These symptoms lasted for three days. After redness and swelling subsided, pain persisted for five days."
"Hives - initially under arm on side where I previously had radiation.  By 12/19/15, I had red rash behind knees and under both arms.  By 12/20/15, I had about 6 inches of raised red rash on tops of both thighs.  I treated with topical and oral OTC antihistamines.  Rash is still present on thighs today (12/30/15), but receding, darker brown, less raised."
"Nausea and Vomiting, muscle aches, and mid-grade fever at time of onset and continuing through submission of VAERS report.  Only treatment is pain/fever reducer/NSAID."
"Fever up to 105, seizure. Mother states that child had a rash on skin and had a febrile convulsion and she took him to the ER on 12/24, he had a temp of 105, He had received DTaP, Hib, PCV 13 and Flu vaccine on the 12/23 and fever started that day. He was seen here 3 days ago for an ER follow up visit. On day following shots he also had redness in the tongue and a 3 day loss of appetite. Child had a similar rash and had fever the day following his 1 yr vaccines. His fever following the his vaccines at his 1 yr visit, he received MMRV, and Hep A was not as high as this recent episode. The rash then started on the legs and spread to other areas. He also had lesions in his mouth and perioral area. He was seen in our office for that episode and diagnosed with Hand foot mouth disease. The rash seen after his recent 15 month visit is very much in keeping with a rash seen in Hand foot and mouth syndrome also."
Swollen arm very red at site heartbeat rapid woke up in eve taken to emergency room by pharmacist.
"Severe shaking, nausea, chilling, fever, weakness, shortness of breath, headache.  Most symptoms ended at approx. 7:30 PM, but still some weakness. Totally OK next day."
Patient reported on 12/24/2015 that he still has some pain at the injection site and sometimes when he tries to swing his arm he feels sharp pain.
No SSx reported. Pt was given 2nd Flu vaccine by mistake. 1st FLUZONE given 10/2015. 2nd high dose given 12/29/15.
"Injection site pain, feeling of numbness down the arm. limited motion in the arm. Patient took OTC pain relievers to help the pain. As of today pain is gone but some numbness remains, motion has returned to almost full range."
Received flu vaccine 10/07/15 at 11:55 am. States arm was sore at site but on 10/10/15 at 7:30 am when she woke up the (L) arm was more sore and was swollen down past the elbow. Went to the ER and was given NAPROSYN and a shot.
Patient states arm is sore and it is hard to lift the arm. She has been in physical therapy and has been given exercises to help the arm.
Redness at site of injection.
Pain at the site of injection.
"Noticed redness and inflammation and administration site, difficulty to raise arm. Redness gradually spread and became larger, came to LBVA to have evaluated. Advised to gentle stretch, apply cold pack take Motrin."
"Shortly after patient was vaccinated, she started to feel an itching, tingling feeling in her throat.  Fearing that it was an allergic reaction, I called 911.  The patient remained alert, talking and breathing normally until paramedics arrived, though she stated that she started to feel additional tingling in her arms and chest.  She was transported by ambulance to emergency department. No treatment administered before paramedics arrived."
"Several incidents of intense vomiting and diarrhea between 9:00 PM and 7:00 AM accompanied by mild chllls. Weakness and mild dizziness in the morning. Another 3 hours of deep sleep required to re stabilize, followed by acute thirstiness."
"Swelling, redness at site- 3"""" X 5"""" hard painful to touch, pain in shoulder and neck like a pinched nerve which hasn't gone away."""""
Shoulder still hurts more than 8 weeks after shot. Patient states that she thinks it's because the shot was given too close to the shoulder. Her ortho thinks so.
Swelling throat and tongue itchy lightheaded.
"Stinging, itching, red/swollen area about 2 inches by 3 inches in size, no limitation in range of motion, only 4 days since vaccine was administered."
"Patient described severe pain over entire body, including bones/joints/muscles not relieved by Tylenol or Ibuprofen. Patient took Tramadol and pain was somewhat relieved."
Bacterial Conjunctivis of left eye. Laryngitis. Very sore throat. Coughing up lots of phlegm.
"Patient experienced severe loss of balance.  Treated for dehydration, vestibular neuritis and now assumed to be a central nervous issue in cerebellum. Currently on prednisone."
"Swollen arm, arm has red rash spreading around arm more each day, warm to touch, patient hasn't felt well since injection."
Pt. experienced on injection. Pt continued ongoing pain and swelling. Saw an M.D. who said that nothing could be done.
"My armpit is swollen and sore.  Same arm as where the shot was administered.  At this time, 01/03/2016 my armpit is still swollen and sore."
Hard red swelling at injection site.  Mild rash on chest and abdomen.
Patient complains of pain in arm where vaccine was given and says pain goes down to elbow. She contacted primary physician and was referred back to this facility.
Pt reported reaction to clinic in the beginning of Dec. 2015. Pt stated immediate aftermath of receiving vaccines given on 10-12-105 reported bad flu like symptoms and jaw pain. All have resolved except occasional jaw pain. Pt  referred to PCP for jaw pain.
Mom received flu vaccine here with son on 12-8-15. She called today due to prolonged pain and swelling at site. Advised she see her doctor. He dx as an allergic reaction to the preservative in the vaccine.
"Diifficilty breathing, difficulty spittinh, eye would not blink, diagnosis: Bell's Palsy. Treated with: methyl pred, famciclovir, erythromycin, ofloxacin for eye."
Rash.
"Severe Bloody Nose, that happened every day for six weeks following the vaccine."
Developed rash over trunk and face 48 hours after flu vaccine. Does not respond to BENADRYL.
"68 y/o F with PMH uterine leiomyoma, radial styloid tenosynovitis, pain in limb, sprained ligament, diabetes, essential HTN, thyroid disease still which long-standing, vague, intermittent  RDQ discomfort. Received flu shot and PREVNAR in left deltoid on 9/14/15. Patient experienced itching in upper arm that night, next day a rash developed which has grown over the past week but stable in past 3 days. Itchy, mild to moderate. Not painful, Not having fevers, at work, feels fine otherwise. No other trauma or irritation to the area noted by the patient. The rash is below the site of injection. Per outpatient follow-up note 9/21 no distress, temp 98.2, HR 72, (L) arm erythematous, macular rash of 8 cm with mild warmth, not tender or indurated full ROM in arm in all directions. Infection unlikely in s/o (-) fever. Patient advised to take CLARITIN, ZYRTEC, or BENADRYL for the itch and to contact if any fever, if rash spreads further or if patient feels unwell. No rash noted per outpatient physical exam on 10/8."
Chronic pain and limited range of motion in left arm and shoulder from Sept to present. Treatment: Chiropractic/orthopedics.
"This spontaneous report was received from a other reporter, only two doses of VARIVAX (Merck) were used on two patients. This case refers to a 4 year old female patient. On 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM, the patient was vaccinated with first dose of improperly stored dose of VARIVAX (Merck) lot # K005428, expiry date 15-APR-2016, in the right leg (thigh), at private doctor's office using private funds. Other vaccines given within four weeks were PENTACEL, lot # C4877AA, fourth dose, in the left thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM; PREVENAR 13, lot # L99262, third dose, in the left thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM; Hepatitis A virus vaccine (unspecified), lot # L023936, first dose, in the left thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM; influenza virus vaccine (unspecified), lot # UI450AD, second dose, in the right thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM; and M-M-R II, lot # K005431, first dose, in the right thigh, on 06-NOV-2015 at 10 AM. This is one of three reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested."
Could not move left arm over shoulder or behind body. On 11/23/2015 had the same problem with both arms. On 11/24/2015 I saw FNP and she changed the antibiotic (Levofloxacin) for sinusitis to AMOX TR-K CLV thinking it was the problem. I continued to have more and more pain and lack of arm movement. On 12/02/2015 at Rheumatology they were alarmed at the severe lack of arm movement and gave me a cortisone injection and a dose pack of cortisone pills and referred me to physical therapy. I have been treated three times a week since then.
"Hearing Loss, Pt says it sounds like wind roaring in her ears."
"Facial flushing and """"raccoon eyes"""" with some lump in her throat feeling. Mild cough, rash on upper chest with some itching around the face and neck and upper chest. Treatment = oral BENADRYL."""""
"FEVER, BODY ACHES AND CHICKENPOX."
"Urticaria on chest, back, neck, arms -> developed within 2 hours of vaccine."
Pain in (L)/ shoulder about 8 hours after flu shot. Seen family doctor and referred to an orthopedic doctor and doing physical therapy.
Patient states that her arm has ached since receiving the flu vaccine.
Dizziness - 7 wks muscle weakness 2 wks. Cluster headaches (left) 4 wks.
"Pt. received flu vaccine IM, then swooned and fainted."
"At 3:00 am difficult swallowing - swollen mouth lips as time went on numbness in nose, both cheeks. 8:00 pm, whole face swollen, my physician called, asked if I needed 911 or difficulty breathing, I said no. Medication ordered. MEDROL 4 mg Dose Pak, I was told not to take vaccine again."
"Limited range of motion (L) arm. Can't pick anything heavy up, tender to touch."
"On 12-17-15 patient returned to pharmacy to show a noticeable """"hardness"""" at immunization site (no inflammation). She complains of severe pain when using arm above chest high with weakness and tingling of 3rd, 4th and 5th digits. Denies any other trauma to arm."""""
"Patient describes gradual onset of bilat LE weakness and """"sore muscle pain"""" that progressed into bilat UE. These symptoms started axially and progressed into the feet and then hands. He also developed frontal HAs. He denies that there was any difficulty with breathing or swallowing. There also was no proceeding symptoms C/W viral or bacterial infection. He went to the ER for care and had a full W/U to include multiple spinal taps, blood work, and CT - all of which were non-diagnostic. He was sent home with medication for symptomatic relief. The symptoms slowly resolved over the course of two weeks. He now denies any residual symptoms and has a normal physical examination."""""
"CHEST CONGESTION, COUGH, PRODUCTIVE COUGH, FLUID IN LUNGS. SEEN IN OUR OFFICE 12/18/2015. SYMPTOMS FOR 10+ DAYS."
"Pain in upper right arm and neck. Started out with mild pain and progressed into severe pain in arm and neck. I finally went to a doctor and in treatment now. MRI has been done, awaiting results."
"The day after shot upper arm was hot, swollen (about the size of palm was swollen) and red."
"This spontaneous report was received from a 62 year old female patient, reporting on herself. The patient's pertinent medical history included breast cancer and knee replacement. It was reported that the patient had no drug reactions or allergies. On 29-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 one shot, (lot #, expiration date, exact dose and route of administration were not reported). Concomitant therapies included influenza virus vaccine (unspecified) (reported as unspecified flu shot). On approximately 06-OCT-2015 (reported as about one week after receiving PNEUMOVAX 23), the patient developed hives. She sought medical attention, had an office visit and an unspecified steroid shot was given for the adverse event. No lab diagnostic studies were performed. No PQC (product quality complaint) was involved. The outcome of the event was reported as not recovered. At the time of report the patient continued to experience hives. The relatedness between the event and PNEUMOVAX 23 was not reported. Additional information has been requested."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"Patient received a pneumonia vaccination in the left deltoid and flu vaccination in the right deltoid in the office on 12/21/15. She returned to the clinic 12/23/15 with complaints of redness to the left deltoid, with tenderness and warmth at the site. The patient was seen, evaluated, and treated for cellulitis of the left arm. She was given instructions to monitor the site for increased redness, tenderness, or swelling that would indicate the infection was getting worse. She verbalized understanding."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
Developed a large hot red area on arm after receiving the current 2015/2016 influenza vaccination.
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, agency was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple person earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered bloodborne pathogen testing (hep b, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"Rash. Triamcinolone 40 mg once, diphenhydramine 50 mg once."
"On 9/30, agency was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons either that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offended bloodborne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, agency was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using the new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered bloodborne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, agency was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered bloodborne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"Pt reports that she is still having pain in R deltoid when lifting her arm or bearing weight. Pain is worse when she moves arm back. Pain is very sharp, pin pointed pain. 10/10 and is better with rest."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at am employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping  the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood borne pathogen testing (hep N, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
Received Flu shot 0.25 mg IM on 12/24/15 at 11 am. By evening patient started becoming clumsy. Next day daycare teacher noted clumsiness and tripping. Improved in 1 week.
"On 9/30, DOH was notified by an out-of-state health services company that a nurse had reused syringes for multiple persons earlier that day at an employee influenza vaccination clinic where the health services company had been contracted. The nurse contracted by the health services company brought three multiple-dose vials of vaccine that were intended for another event (and stored in her personal fridge without temp monitoring). The nurse reported using two syringes she found among her supplies to administer vaccine to 67 employees of the business. She reported wiping the syringes with alcohol and using a new needle for each of the 67 persons. Only 2 multiple dose vials of vaccine (10 doses/vial) were used for 67 adult participants. Participants were offered blood-borne pathogen testing (hep B, hep C, HIV), hepatitis B vaccine, and flu vaccine."
"Employee c/o fever, itchiness, redness and swelling at injection site."
Day after injection painful arm. Pain continued and after 2 weeks physician ordered xray and prescribed prednisone. Pain spread. Orthopedic visit with cortisone injection and MRI. Dec. 18 MRI results-frozen shoulder. Starting physical therapy 1/5/16.
"Muscles on thigh stiff and achy then moved to back and shoulders, neck. Pain significant and continued for 3 weeks. Still have residual pain in muscles, especially shoulder. Numbness and tingling in hand injected."
Mother states child cry a lot and was irritable for 1 week post vaccination.
Pain in right upper arm muscle since vaccine administration. Decreased range of motion secondary to pain. Can't move arm without pain. Decreased strength in right arm.
"Legs and arms: rapid onset over 5 days numbness, tingling, weakness and heaviness. Dx: Neuropathy."
SHE HAD SORE ARM FOR SEVERAL DAYS AT THE INJECT SITE (LEFT ARM) WHICH THEN BECAME PAINFUL MIMICKING ROTATOR CUFF TEAR WITH BOUTS OF INABILITY TO USE HER ARM. SHE REGAINED HER RANGE OF MOTION AFTER 2 MONTHS AFTER ORTHOPEDIC AND PT VISITS AND AN MRI WHICH REVEALED THE INJECTION SITE WAS IN TENDON.
"Fever, chills, sore left arm radiating downwards for ~3 days."
Shooting left arm pain presenting approximately 3 days post injection lasting 7-10 days. Pt then progressed to diarrhea for 10 days (treated with IV fluids and oral antibiotics) and fecal sample was taken. Arm pain increased to a radiating pain from left deltoid to elbow. Diarrhea resolved after antibiotics and arm pain is still present. Fecal sample yielded campylobacter diagnosis.
"Mild allergic reaction. Soreness in left arm, redness in left arm. Pt took ibuprofen for pain."
"Approximately 1 mo. after receiving, developed """"shingles"""" involving (L) facial and trigeminal nerve. Tx with - steroids, pain med. and Magic mouthwash. Fatigue and weakness persists."""""
"Itching, tingling of effected areas--right torso. Began spraying with Bactine to desensitize best possible."
"Case number PHEH2015US011658, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 15 Jun 2015. This report refers to a 22 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. She was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1412301A) intramuscularly on 11 Jun 2015. On 12 Jun 2015, the patient experienced post nasal drip drainage, coughing, sneezing, sore throat, swollen eyes and rash on arm of injection site followed by headache. On 13 Jun 2015, the patient experienced red swollen eyes and rash on arm of injection site. All these symptoms recovered as of 15 Jun 2015. Seriousness and causality of the events was not reported. Seriousness assessment of red swollen eyes was upgraded based on information in the source document."
"Case number PHEH2015US019080, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 25 Sep 2015. This report refers to a 38 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. She was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN PFS (batch number: 15755P) intramuscularly on 22 Sep 2015. On the same day evening she developed swollen tongue. She was seen in the morning of 25 Sep 2015, tongue was still swollen, visual teeth ridges on the tongue, no difficulty breathing, no erythema or rash, no pain or fatigue. Her speech was little affected and the swelling was going down. Further she feels like her mouth was full of her tongue. It was reported that she never had a reaction previously. Final outcome of the events was unknown. Seriousness and causality of the events were not reported. Seriousness assessment of swollen tongue was upgraded based on information in the source document."
"Case number PHEH2015US021898 is an initial spontaneous report from a health care professional received on 26 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 06-year-old male patient. He was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1514701) at a dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly on 21 Oct 2015. Shortly after vaccination, the patient fainted. The outcome of the event was unknown. The seriousness and causality of the event were not reported. Seriousness assessment of the event faint upgraded based on the available information in the source document."
"Case number PHEH2015US019982, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 06 Oct 2015. This report refers to a female patient of an unknown age. Past medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. Concurrent condition included allergy to latex. She was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number and expiry date: not reported) intramuscularly on 01 Oct 2015 and experienced severe allergic reaction to vaccine because she was allergic to latex. The patient was presented to emergency department (ED) where she was treated (unspecified) and released on an unknown date. Outcome, seriousness and causality of the event were not reported. Seriousness assessment of the event allergic reactions to vaccine was upgraded based on information available in the source document."
"Pt reports he was sick with the flu. Reports coughing, sneezing, feeling ill, and tearing from his left eye."
Very stiff shoulder continuing for several months. Gradually improving with stretching. Still pain when stretching.
"Fever and rigors, night sweats. Influenza 0.5 ml once."
Extreme pain in left arm. Unable to raise arm. Pain still persists to this day 01/07/2016. I have seem primary Dr and am scheduled to see specialist on 01/15/2016. Pharmacist remarked that he thought he hit my bone when I told him of my pain.
A few minutes after receiving immunizations client fell from chair onto her knees. She was assisted back into the chair. At that time she said she felt nauseous. She was assisted to the bathroom per her request. Vitals taken and were normal. Client stated she has a history of fainting and fear of needles. No visible injuries and denied pain. Followed up w/a phone call at 4:00pm. Client stated she felt fine.
"Pt. was told by doctor the vaccine was given in her rotator cuff. She has had injections, oral medications, and 6 months of physical therapy."
"It is unknown the exact onset of symptoms.  Patient reported pain and loss of mobility in the immunization arm, reporting she cannot lift her coffee pot.  The adverse reaction was reported as a complaint to the company hotline, not directly to the pharmacy where it was administered."
"Pt states blistery, itchy rash over arms and on face, head and neck that persisted for a week or two.  Lightheadedness also continues to persist (1/8/2016).  MD had no explanation and wasn't sure if it was related to the vaccination or coincidental."
PATIENT SAYS SHOULDER IS STILL SORE AFTER IMMUNIZATION WAS GIVEN.  HAS A HARD TIME LIFTING HIS ARM AND MOVING IT WITHOUT HAVING SHOULDER PAIN.
Arm achy (arthritic-like pain) from shoulder to hand. No bruising. No numbness. Ibuprofen helps but does not completely remove pain. Still in pain 3 months later.
"Patient has severe inflammation. She went to her PCP and he gave her Mobic. Her condition was worsening. She had no use of her arm. Mobic didn't help and she was referred to an orthopedist. He said that she has SIRVA (shoulder injury related to vaccine administration). This injury is commonly seen now. The orthopedist gave her a cortisone shot, after that she had to ice it, and she must get physical therapy for 1 year. On top of this the orthopedist said that she never received the flu shot."
Not complete. Already called the patient for more information. Waiting for her to call us back.
Patient came in to pharmacy to pick up prescriptions. She complained of a flu shot given to her previously on 11/19/15 (FLUZONE HD). She has previously complained to another pharmacy but never complained/reported to our pharmacy personnel previously. Pt is requesting compensation - to see a doctor for flu shot pain.
"Skin rash. Acetaminophen 650 mg TID, hydroxyzine 10 mg BID."
Right arm remains painful.
"Very thirsty, sore throat, then extreme dizziness when lie down or when get up with ceiling rotating.  12/27/2015 I woke up with severe stomach ache, vomiting twice, didn't eat until 4 pm.  The entire body hurt, vertigo.  12/28/2015  woke up with dizziness, vomited again, didn't eat until 2 pm.  12/29/2015 nose bled, ear bled, with a fever that continued for one week.  Severe headache, head felt numb, body in tremendous pain, worse than any flu.  Severe vertigo, dizziness when stand up, spilled water at dinner time last night 01/10/2015.  Still dizzy & my head hurts as I type this.  Have a tummyache & diarrhea ever since 12/26/15, which is about a week after the flu shot on 12/19/15.  I can't drive, and when I turn my head, it hurts & get dizzy."
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable physician communicated to a Pfizer sales representative. A 66-year-old female patient of unspecified ethnicity received PREVNAR 13 on right arm single dose and flu shot on left arm, both via an unspecified route of administration on 13Sep2015. Medical history included erythromycin base allergy, allergy, stomach problems, diarrhea of presumed infectious origin, hypothyroidism, vitamin D deficiency, pure hypercholesterolemia, disorder of magnesium metabolism, dehydration, pernicious anemia, anxiety, depressive disorder, multiple sclerosis, migraine, essential hypertension, acute sinusitis, acute respiratory infection, chronic pancreatitis, pain in joint, ankle, and foot, thoracic radiculitis, osteoporosis, abdominal pain, abnormal glucose tolerance test. Surgical history included hysterectomy-Fibroid/Ovaries still present in 1986, tonsillectomy in 1968. Family history included father: heart disease-CABG, obesity, diagnosed with unspecified heart disease; mother, congestive heart failure, hypertensive disorder, diagnosed with hypertension, unspecified heart disease. The patient's concomitant medications included ALIGN (capsule), AMPYRA (10 mg tablet extended release) 1 tablet twice a day, Aspirin low dose 81mg tablet once a day, AVONEX Pen (30 mcg/0.5mL kit 0.5) once per week, calcium 600+D3 600-400 mg-Unit 1 tablet with food BID, magnesium oxide 400 mg tablet once a day, multivitamins capsule, Niacin (250mg tablet) 1 tablet once a day, Vitamin C 250 mg 1 tablet once a day, Vitamin D 5000 1 tablet daily except Monday and Friday take 2 tablets, ZYRTEC 10 mg once a day, Cyanocobalamin 100 mcg 1 tablet once a day, PROLIA (60 mg/ml solution) next injection on 24Oct2015, simvastatin 20mg one tablet by mouth once daily, XANAX (0.25 mg tablet) 1 tablet once a day, ARMOUR THYROID 60 mg 1 tablet once a day, lisinopril 10 mg 1 tablet BID and duloxetine HCl 60mg capsule delayed release one by mouth once daily. The patient had three siblings one brother, diagnosed with obesity and two daughters healthy. The patient experienced cellulitis, vaccination site rash, essential hypertension, the area of injection was red, over area warmth to touch, injection site became infected and inflamed on an unspecified date with outcome of unknown. The patient was treated for the cellulitis with KEFLEX capsule, 500 mg, 1 capsule, orally, TID. The outcome of the events was unknown. The lab data was the following, basophil count 0.04 k/ul, basophil percentage 0.5%, blood pressure 133/79mmHg, body mass index 25.60, body temperature 98.2 Fahrenheit, eosinophil count 0.32 k/ul, eosinophil percentage 4.7%, haematocrit 39.1%, haemoglobin 12.9g/dl, heart rate 89/min, lymphocyte count 2.39 k/ul, lymphocyte percentage 35.3%, mean cell haemoglobin 30.9pg, mean cell haemoglobin concentration 32.9g/dl, mean cell volume 94.0 fl, mean platelet volume 7.6%, monocyte count 0.35 k/ul, monocyte percentage 5.2, neutrophil count 3.68 k/ul, neutrophil percentage 54.3, platelet count 255 k/ul, red blood cell count 4.2 M/ul, red cell distribution width 12.6%, respiratory rate 18/min, white blood cell count 6.8 k/ul. The physician stated that it was his hypothesis that the injection shot site, was not properly cleaned prior to vaccine administration, causing it to become infected and inflamed. Follow-up (20NOV2015): Follow-up attempts are completed. No further information is expected. Follow-up (28Dec2015): Additional information from a contactable physician includes age and gender, information on concomitant medications and medical history, date of vaccination. Cellulitis, vaccination site rash, essential hypertension, the area of injection was redness, over area warmth to touch added as adverse events. Case upgraded to serious."
"Area around where ZOSTAVAX was administered on rt. arm was red, swollen, painful. Patient said started out as large area and got better once ice was applied. Patient stated that it itched, too. She stated today that she is very sensitive to vaccines."
"Patient reported pain an difficulty with full range of motion of arm, two months after administration (10-1-15). Patient believes vaccine administered too high up on shoulder. Pt advised to see MD, but thus far has chosen not to."
"Itching and hives on 12/9/15 following the flu vaccine given on 12/4/15. Seen 12/22/15. SOLU-MEDROL 125mg given IM 1/8 hives returned after a few days increased itching HS. 1/8/16 MD ordered Loratadine 10mg AM, BENADRYL HS."
Patient is stated nerve pain that required the intervention of orthopedic doctor.
"Approximately two days after my flu shot, I started having trouble lifting my right arm.  It got progressively worse, with a lot of pain and I was unable to move it normally or perform normal activities.  I have had acupuncture, taken antiinflammatories, seen my doctor twice and had a cortisone shot and physical therapy and massage."
"Felt feverish, noticed several red raised bumps on back and over the next two days red itchy bumps appeared on face, head, torso, arms, legs. Approx 20."
"Severe flu symptoms. Particularly muscle weakness, pain. Ongoing, better but still a little weak. Expected something, but this was tough, and I'm pretty fit."
Needed to take flu shot (was forced by my employer). Allergy (severe to latex) pharmacist gave me the latex free shot within minutes I began itchiness at the site then from my waist up - my hands and neck became very red this lasted 2 days.
"This case, manufacturer control number 2015-0180667, received via Gilead, is a non-serious case of a patient who experienced: drop in oxygen level from 95 to 88%. The initial receipt date was 02 November 2015 and follow up information was received on 25 November 2015 (case remained non-serious). On 07 January 2016, upon medical review, the event of drop in oxygen level from 95 to 88%, was upgraded to medically significant per the safety physician. A full narrative has been generated below. This case, manufacturer control number 2015-0180667 is a report from a solicited Patient Support Program, referring to a 67 year old female patient. The other HCP reported the following event drop in oxygen level from 95 to 88% for this case. Medical history included: Current conditions: Pulmonary arterial hypertension, Asthma. Historical condition: None Reported. Historical drug: None Reported. On 19 October 2015, the patient received Ambrisentan 10 mg, QD (daily) for treatment of Primary pulmonary hypertension. Additional suspect products included: REMODULIN, ADCIRCA, TRACLEER and an Influenza vaccine. Concomitant medications included CYMBALTA, BONIVA, LIPITOR, SYMBICORT, Potassium, Furosemide, ACIPHEX, PLAVIX, SPIRIVA, Calcium + Vit D, XOPENEX, LASIX. On 26 October 2015, the patient's oxygen level dropped from 95% to 88% after switching from Bosentan to ambrisentan. The patient's physician was aware of the event and was monitoring the patient. Relevant laboratory/diagnostic tests included: 26 October 2015: Oxygen saturation: Dropped from 95 to 88%. Ambrisentan was continued. Drop in oxygen level from 95 to 88% was Serious with an outcome of unknown."
"Patient immediately complained of pain in lt arm. Pain has continued with movement of arms, and has remained continuous since injection - some redness and swelling at injection site. Tenderness also."
Redness and swelling at injection site.
"Patient reports rash started on left hand, spread to entire body, later follow up notes reports rash started as vesicles, very pruritic, treated with Eucerin and BENADRYL creams, also reports hives on entire body starting day after influenza vaccine. Diphenhydramine apply to affected areas TID."
"Pt woke up the next morning with fever, chills T-99 degrees, and aches that lasted for 5 wks. She also has had her upper teeth ache and complains she now has whiskers growing out of her (R) cheek about silver dollar sized."
Patient received vaccine 9-21-15. A first report received today 1-13-16. Patient has had arm soreness and has difficulty raising her arm. She advises she has been seeing physician who believes a nerve was hit.
Site of injection was sore the next morning and has progressively gotten. Patient has pain when he touches the area or sleeps on his left side.
PATIENT HAVING SEVERE ARM ACHES/PAIN LEADING TO TROUBLE LIFTING ARM UP (CONTINUED ISSUES FOR 2 MONTHS CURRENTLY. TOOK 2 ROUNDS OF STEROID DOSE PACKS TO HELP RESOLVE SOME PAIN).
"Mother reports pain and area underneath injection site was hard to the touch immediately afterwards. Child """"picked"""" at the site and expressed discomfort since injection to present. 2 days ago, site acutely became red, swollen and now has developed purulent drainage. Today 1/13/16 will begin oral antibiotic course and warm compress."""""
"Pt reported diarrhea, palpitations and low blood pressure 2 days after vaccine. Was seen at local ER but no diagnosis was made."
Pt reported vomiting and low blood pressure approximately after receiving the flu vaccine. Managed at home.
"Hives. Methylprednisolone 40 mg once, diphenhydramine 50 mg once."
"Soreness lt. arm almost down to top of elbow, limited range of motion."
"EASY BRUISING, NOSEBLEEDS AND THROMBOCYTOPENIA."
"Flu injection hurt left arm badly while being administered.  Have since suffered with intermittent pain at the injection site, all down the arm, and wake up some mornings with pins and needles in arm.  Have had some left shoulder and back of neck pain.  Left leg/foot feels strange at times.  Have visited doctors and talked with a couple of nurses.  In all, I've been prescribed Naproxen 500 mg, told to take B-12 and Magnesium, and prescribed Neurontin.  In addition, I have used ice and heat.  It is my opinion that the health care professionals do not really know what to do about it.  One suggested I may have to get a nerve study done."
"Cyclic Migraine Headaches that are constant and worsen at bedtime. Hearing a loud whooshing sound in ears. Whites of the eyes are red. Vision problems with intermittent blindness.  Right eye could only see shapes and left eye not as affected but with same symptoms. Possible temporal arteritis, biopsy pending. Body aches."
"Twinges of pain in underarms, breast, chest. Eventually spreading to fingers, knees, shins, ankles and feet."
Loud involuntary vocal tics... they sound like a cross between a cough/sneeze.  The first time we noticed them was immediately following school and they continued for more than an hour.  They now occur off and on daily and can occur as a single tic or multiple tics over the course of an hour.
Pain in shoulder/bicep areas- full ROM but with pain.
Patient states that his arm still hurts from when he received the flu shot on 10/6/15.
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of device use error in a 76-year-old female patient who received ADVAIR Diskus unknown (batch number 5ZP1526, expiry date February 2017) for drug use for unknown indication. On 19th November 2015, the patient started ADVAIR Diskus (unknown) 100/50 ug at an unknown dose at unknown dosing. On 20th November 2015, 1 day after starting ADVAIR Diskus, the patient experienced device use error. The action taken with ADVAIR Diskus was unknown. On an unknown date, the outcome of the device use error was unknown. Additional details included that the patient reported that she used ADVAIR for the first time """"yesterday"""". It went well and she reported that she felt it really helped her. On the morning of reporting, when she tried to use the device, she could not get it open. She was trying to flip the light purple section up to expose the mouthpiece. She had forgotten that the inhaler needed to be twisted to expose the mouthpiece. She was attempting to use the product incorrectly. Follow up received by a consumer on 4th December 2015 and 17th December 2015: The reporter stated that, the patient started the course with ADVAIR Diskus on 18th November 2015, and she might have received a dose of Flu vaccine on the same day. On 1st December 2015, 13 days after receiving the Flu vaccine and ADVAIR Diskus, the patient experienced cold symptoms, sniffles and cough. The patient thought that, she had flu. The patient visited back the doctor, who confirmed that she did not have the flu, but sinusitis instead. She was prescribed an antibiotic. In November 2015, less than a month after vaccination and after receiving ADVAIR Diskus, the patient never felt good (malaise), at some point felt nauseated, wheezing and trouble breathing while walking. On 17th December 2015, the patient was still wheezing. It was unknown if the events were related to Flu vaccination. The patient would talk to her doctor about taking ADVAIR twice per day instead of once per day, which has let to an underdose. The patient denied permission to contact her physician."""""
"The patient received both vaccines on 11/12/2015. She was in on 01/07/2016 and stated that her arm was still sore.  She was having a hard time lifting her arm completely.  It has become more mobile with less pain, but it still was a little sore."
"Small round lump swollen at site of injection. Sore and achy to the touch, but not red. Slight soreness and ache within the shoulder joint hours later. Swelling within the shoulder jointfollwed with pain. Increasing unexplained pain within the shoulder joint. Great pain within shoulder joint and inability to raise or turn or twist left arm to normal range. Unable to bear weight or sleep well or exercise or swim. Exeriencing numbness and tingling in fingers of left hand. Aching down my arm to elbow and to mid-forearm. Continued aching and great pain within the shoulder joint. See below for treatment."
Miscarried the morning after I received the vaccine. I have been pregnant prior with no miscarriage and conceived immediately after the miscarriage. Pregnancy is early but with no sign of impending miscarriage.
Mom reports (L) arm from shoulder to elbow swollen red hot to touch on 12-11-15 took child to dr and was given antibiotic and antihistamine.
Moderate to severe pain at injection site. Right shoulder pain is getting worse after 5 weeks. Called doctor and told to try ice. Doesn't help.
"Since flu shot, I have had off and on pain, dull ache, occasional burning and stinging in my left shoulder and surrounding muscles. Have not seen a doctor for this yet, hoping it will go away on its own."
Left arm/deltoid where flu shot was administered was quite sore for weeks after shot. Is still numb ever since he got immunized.
"On 2nd day after shot, pt reports intense neck and head pain on the opposite side of her body from the injection site. Pt was sore the next day and recovered."
Patient called 1/12/16 complaining about an injection site reaction of pain since the date of the administration. Patient had not seen the doctor and just called the pharmacy suggested to patient to see personal doctor.
Patient left message on 12/30/15 to state arm was painful with periods of numbness. Unable to lift past a 45 degree angle. Had not seen a physician at this time. On 1/4/16 facility provided resources encouraging patient to be seen by medical provider. Facility spoke to patient on 1/12/16. Still with pain and still has not been seen by physician. Doctor appointment set up for patient on 1/15/2016 at Medical Clinic. Patient left a message on 1/16/2016 that doctor states she had nerve damage. Anti-inflammatory and pain med presribed.
Swelling of arm and face after receiving FLUVIRIN 0.5 mg ml.
"The pain started within a few days, but I thought it was just a reaction from the shot."
"Injection site red and swollen day of injection and for 3-4 days following, then tingling in lower arm."
Pt describes intolerable pain in (R) arm and getting worse at night. Pain stays constant per patient. Doctor recommending physical therapy for relief.
Patient having pain (aching pain) in LA where PREVNAR shot was given. Pain extends from should to hand.
None.
Severe pain at injection site in RIGHT shoulder. Pain still continues to this reporting date. My shoulder was injured because the flu shot was given too high. I have received a cortisone shot and physical therapy to treat this injury.
"The day after the injection, pt reports intense neck, head, and hip pain on the opposite side of his body from the injection site. Pt states pain did not respond to pain killers and that he felt his hip was popping out of socket. Soreness next day."
"Left arm muscle very sore. Application of heat and deep muscle massage provide temporary relief, but still painful to this day."
Flu like symptoms for four days followed by sinus and ear infection for two weeks followed by frozen right shoulder and joint/ spinal inflammation in whole body till now January 19th.
(L) arm pain and weakness x 3 months symptoms started after getting flu shot.
None stated.
"Gave 0.5 ml dose of flu vaccine to a child who was 2 1/2 years of age, instead of the dose she should have received was a 0.25 ml (6-35 month) flu vaccine."
Inadvertently gave 6 month-35 month dose to a 17 year old. Spoke with Public Health Nurse and an additional dose of the same vaccine given to make it equivalent to correct dose.
A pediatric shot was accidentally given to a 3 month old infant.
"Employee flu vaccine was administered on Friday. Reported through the weekend, had a large knot approx., 5 cm in diameter with redness/bruising, painful/warm to touch. Also experienced nausea and headache following vaccination. Reaction started to improve following 2-3 days after immunization."
"Pt. given FLUZONE, given at other location."
Under 36 month old flu vaccine was given to a 3 year old patient.
23 mo was given 3+ flu.
Pt was 18 mo and given 3+ flu.
"Patient given high dose flu vaccine, pt is only 50 y/o."
"This was the very first 2 year child this season I was going to vaccinate for Flu shot. The whole family of 4 came in for the vaccines. I knew the other 3 would have the same vaccine and were given the FLUARIX. The father got the shot first, then the little girl but she was very scared, screaming in the room. While approaching her with the shot, she waved her hand in front of the needle and got a scratch kind of injury. This distracted me. I meant to check the dose of the shot before I gave the younger child but by this time he was confused and getting scared. So the parents and I decided we would give the shot to him quickly and then proceed with the documentation to prevent further agitation. I reached for FLUVIRIN, checked the expiry date, but forgot to check the age range, and gave the child the vaccine. I did not realize my mistake until the next day when I usually go over my day and think of how I could improve myself. I called my manager and let her know and following her advice called the CDC first to know of what to do. I did not have access to the child's information until 3 days and my manager was aware of that. By the next day I received feedback from CDC that no exaggerated adverse events were anticipated and no further vaccination was recommended. The next day I informed the mother who was very upset and angry as to why she wasn't informed as soon as I came to know. I explained to her that it was because my manager told me that the policy was to first check with CDC what their advice was and inform VAERS which was also done by myself. I think this happened partly because the label only had the age information in small letter unlike FLUARIX which had that in big fonts to draw my attention to it. Also last year we did have FLUZONE MDV which looks like FLUVIRIN, so that was in my mind."
"A Medical Assistant administered the over 3 prefilled syringe dose, instead of the 6-36 month prefilled dose syringe."
Patient was given the wrong vaccine at a mass community flu clinic.
Administered 0.5 mL of FLUZONE to 2 year 3 month old child instead of 0.25 mL.
Patient asked for a flu shot and indicated on the form at the pharmacy that he had never had a flu shot before. The injection was administered and patient left. When the technician went to post the information on the reporting site she found that the patient had received a flu shot two weeks before at another pharmacy.
Patient noticed a tender lymph node at her left clavicle the morning after her flu vaccination. She saw her doctor.  The doctor was uncertain whether or not the tender node was related to the vaccination.
"The nurse prepared FLUZONE vaccine for patient and another family member before interviewing patient. When patient and family member came into shot room, the nurse got distracted with talk about Tdap vaccine and forgot to ask patient about pregnancy status. The nurse proceeded to administer FLUZONE vaccine to patient. Just before finishing injecting the patient, the nurse got the sensation that the syringe was empty, but it was too late since she had already pushed the plunger to retract the needle. If that were the case, patient did not get the dose of FLUZONE. After patient left shot room, the nurse realized she should have prepared a dose of FLUVIRIN since the patient was pregnant."
Pt received KINRIX and PROQUAD along with flu shot. Pt already complained the KINRIX and PROQUAD series and did not need to receive vaccines. There was a mix up with the MICR and the error was found when documenting injections.
0.50ml flu vaccine was erroneously administered to a 32 month old pt.
Pt developed hives and rash at injection site and on her torso.
Pain and limited ROM in left arm following Flu vaccine inection.
Pain upon injection in shoulder and upper arm. Pain continued for several weeks then went to see physician and had cortisone injection in shoulder plus physical therapy.
"For two days, after vaccine administered, very painful. But it never improved. Arm continued to be sore, difficult time to raise and lower left arm. Difficulty changing shirts, reaching, setting hair, lying on left side or doing anything w.my left arm."
"My right arm was so very painful that I couldn't even move it for 4 wks. Couldn't lift it to comb my hair, couldn't sleep for over a week because of the pain. Had a fever for almost a week from it. Took 650 mg of aspirin every 4 hrs. and it didn't take pain away! From Oct 25th 2015 to after Nov. 25th before I could lift my arm. Still had pain in the arm where shot was given over 2 months later."
"Client noted soreness to (L) arm the day after injection lasting the entire next week, from elbow to shoulder - soreness with ROM to upper arm. On 1/11/16 noted soreness to (L) wrist. Condition is improving - no tenderness or redness reported to injection site at any time."
"3 immunizations on 11-12-15. Resulted in high fever and an emergency room visit on 11-14-15. Blood test results showed white cells in blood. PA and hospital report indicates it could be from the injections. Three (3) different vaccines administered, Thursday, November 12, 2015 about Noon-12:15 pm, by pharmacist. I reported this reaction by phone to my doctor (Monday, Nov. 16?), and also a pharmacist (19th) where the injections were given. All 3 injections were given in my left arm/shoulder because I have a torn rotator cuff on my right shoulder. The shingles vaccine was injected under the skin under my upper left arm and the other 2 injections were given in the top of my shoulder. As I expected, my left shoulder was tender to the touch, and very uncomfortable when leaning on it, similar to past immunizations. I report this because I had to go to the emergency room where white cells/bacteria were found in my blood. I was told there by the PA that it was probably introduced with the vaccine injections. On 11-12-15 I had a 10:00 a.m. appointment with Dr. at the local clinic, not for an illness, but for a routine, 6-month appointment, including a routine blood test. Everything was fine. I talked with Dr. about having the 3 immunizations that another clinic had recommended when I was there Sept. 22. Both Dr. and a pharmacist said it shouldn't be a problem to have all three vaccines at one time. She contacted the local pharmacy. I had no problems until about 10:50 p.m. that night. I felt intermittent chills, and after I was in bed, my body started sharking uncontrollably for what seemed like a long time, until I went to sleep. The next morning, Friday the 13th, my temperature was about 100 degrees, and it kept rising all day. I had a terrible headache, couldn't think clearly and was unable to get out of bed except to go to the bathroom. I did not eat all day, and when I drank a glass of skim milk, it curdled and came up. After I woke up Saturday, all morning my temperature varied from 102 degrees to over 103 degrees (103.7 degrees at one point). In mid-morning when my daughter phoned, she told me that I wasn't making any sense. When I didn't recognize my husband, he took me over to our local hospital to the emergency room. They did a variety of tests (blood test, urine, chest x-ray), and the PA said there were white cells in my blood, saying it was bacteria most likely."
"Soreness upper thighs, upper arms all over achiness and weakness in these areas. Severe discomfort."
12/4/15 pt received vaccine. Patient states soreness in arm has not gone away. Very sore after sleeping hard to raise arm.
Very sore arm afternoon and night after shot. Arm was weak and extreme pain in shoulder when moving and lifting following morning.  Took Aleve for pain.  Did not get better.  Went to doctor on 12/8. Was prescribed diclofenac 75mg tablets.  Said to call back if not better after taking meds and would refer to physical therapist.  Pain returned just as severe after completed meds. Called for referral.  Had first appointment with physical therapist on 1/19/16.
0.25 flu shot given at 2 months instead of at 6 months.
"Urticarial rash face only, no SOB, no wheezing. Diphenhydramine 12.5mg/5ml 5 ml PO given."
"After receiving the flu shot required by my employer, administered at an employee clinic site, I began experiencing pain in my left shoulder and arm, with radiating pain to my hand and fingers. There has been a constant ache located in my left deltoid and mid arm. I experience shooting pain down my arm, aching pain under my arm, and sometimes numbness and tingling throughout my arm and fingers. There is pain behind my shoulder. It hurts to use my left arm and when I do, it increases the pain."
"Arm has a dull, aching, annoying pain that I can't describe. This eventually resulted in my arm cracking and in excruciating pain during the day and especially at night when sleeping."
Injection site pain.
"Within minutes had tightness in chest, dizziness, HA, rapid pulse 11/05/15 dizziness/rapid pulse lasted 26 hours, upper arm swollen lasted 2 weeks, pain in arm lasted several weeks chest tight headache continued, round of prednisone then methyiprednisoXopenexlone helped some, Xopenex inhaler did not help, continued mild chest tightness."
Child informed mom that it was hurting him to walk.  Leg swelling.
Sever pain at injection site. Numbness and tingling in right arm. Shooting pain in arm when arm lifted over head.
"Disassociation, malaise, disorientation, lightheaded, fatigue."
Patient is reporting soreness in arm when the patient extends arms overhead to work out or exercise.
Tenderness around the injection. Just kept getting worse to where I couldn't lift my arm and still to this date I have a joint shoulder/arm pain that prevents me from sleeping at night.
"Deep ache in left arm along with heat, progressed to severe pain, loss of feeling in hand, extreme swelling and loss of range of motion.  Loss of range of motion continued to current frozen shoulder."
Hair is falling out after second Hep B vaccine administered.
Neck weakness and pain with noted difficulty in rotating head from left to right and vice versa. 1-2 weeks later full body fatigue and constant pain radiating down left shoulder/arm.
Had extreme burning at time of flu shot. Then could not move arm without pain for 6 hrs. Its been a month and Im still in pain and can not lift arm.
"Diffuse unbearable joint pain, lower extremity edema, pain, fever. Treatment consisted of lab work, imaging, antibiotics, prednisone, ibuprofen. Condition lasted 2 months."
Arm/shoulder hurt times 2 1/2 months. Gradually getting better. Still not full range of motion without pain.
Patient stated experiencing pain in the arm on which she was administered flu vaccine. The patient is still experiencing pain. The pain started 3 days after the immunization.
"October 5, 2015 Vaccinations for flu and pneumonia at dr. office, both injections in left arm. October 6, 2015 Can not move left arm, very painful, can barely walk, left leg does not seem to work well, almost fell on way to bathroom. Felt as if I has no control of the movements of the left side of my body. No change for 7 days as I spent all the time in a recliner. October 14, 2015 Can now lift my left arm approximately 6 inches, left leg is beginning to work but does not synchronize with my right leg while trying to walk. Soles of feet have stinging sensations constantly and skin feels as if it is being poked with needles. My right side is starting to respond similarly to my left side. My arms feel as if they are asleep for a couple hours at a time. Sometimes hands and feet will tingle for an hour or so. I have no sensation in my fingertips, I can not feel things. My fingernails have broken to the quick and are not growing. October 30, 2015 I can lift my arms high enough to put on shirts, but is very painful. My left arm hurts constantly. Nov. 11, 2015 My legs seem to work together  a little better. There have been two instances when everything seemed to be working fairly well and without ant warning both legs just seemed almost paralyzed. One time I was at market and did not think I could get to my car in the parking lot. This frightened me so much that I now carry a folding cane at all times. Nov. 16, 2015 I had a dr. appointment today. The dr. had an intern student on staff that day. She was sent in to see me. I was in terrible condition and I told her about all of my symptoms. She talked with me for about 30 minutes. She recorded all of the information into the computer. The dr. entered the room and stated that this was going to be a short visit- Do you need any medication refills? He did not examine me, I question his examination report for that day. Nov. 22, 2015 I am now having bladder problems. I can not keep my urine stream going. It is difficult to start urinating, and then the flow stops, sometimes I start and stop urinating 9-10 times before I can empty my bladder. This occurs event if  my bladder seems very full. I have never had this problem previously and I have not had any medication changes. It is a struggle to ensure that I get my bladder empty. Today I went to the bathroom, when I pulled down my pants I was surprised to discover that I had soiled my pants. It was very runny, I had not passed gas, I did not know it had happened. Now I fear it will happen when  I am not home. Dec. 6, 2015 I think I have a bladder infection, but a trip to the dr. and a urine test does not indicate an infection. Even though I have had muscular pain for a few years, all of the new pains are completely different. I hope these new pains recede soon as I just seem to be getting weak and do not seem to be seeing any improvement. I have started physical therapy, trying to improve my legs. Jan. 6, 2016 I had an MRI today, to check for any physical reason that my bladder does not work correctly. Nothing was identified on the MRI."
Shot administered 10-11-15. Pt came into store on 1/21/16 stating arm turned red and the shot caused his mind to race. Could not remember how long symptoms persisted - sought no medical attention.
"Syncope, vomiting - dry to mucous (all approximately within 1/2 hr to 45 minutes). Treatment: rehydration."
"Within hours - became ill with temp of 101, body aches - local reaction, diarrhea - still having problems with muscle pain and weakness - taking ALEVE since 9/30."
"Developed edema (pitting 2+), erythema, warmth and pain in left deltoid area (3 in x 3 in)."
"Received flu shot 9/28/15 (L) arm very sore 2 days Oct 7, 2015 broke out in shingles on my face knew of other people 42-70 who had the same experience - took the flu shot then in a few weeks got shingles {Received FLUZONE HIGH DOSE 0.5 mL."
"8/27/2015 received flu and pneumonia injections. Pain in muscles in both upper arms, and upper muscles in both legs. Dr. took blood tests, orthopedic took x-ray, neurologist tested and Hospital tested."
Patient complains of soreness and pain in arm at injection site.
"Patient received FLUZONE 0.5mL in the (L) arm. Has egg allergy but has received flu vaccine in the past with no reaction. Vaccine administered 11/11/15, presented on 11/13/15 small bruise at injection site, below injection site red and warm for 4"""", no pain, patient reports itching."""""
"Fever, chills."
"Patient states given flu shot too high in arm, has been to 3 doctors with no diagnosis. Orthopedic doctor states she has """"SIRVA"""". Patient can't move arm higher than 3 inch above wrist, has trouble putting on clothes but is able to move it. Says in pain every day."""""
"Pain, warmth (entire upper arm warm to the touch)and swelling to the point of hardness, of entire left upper arm, between shoulder and elbow."
"Case number PHEH2015US020224, is an initial spontaneous report from a physician received on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 60 years old female patient. The patient had no history of illness. Concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with seasonal influenza vaccine (manufacturer: Novartis, batch number: not reported) intramuscularly on 08 Oct 2015. On the same day after vaccination the patient showed signs of moderate to severe bronchitis like reaction (wheezing). The chest X-ray performed indicated negative result. The outcome of event was unknown. Seriousness and causality of the event was not reported. Seriousness assessment of wheezing was upgraded based on information in the source document."
Initial localized left shoulder pain and swelling followed by decreased flexion and abduction. Unresponsive to conservative treatment (P.T.) formally diagnosed with frozen shoulder.
"Patient presented to the pharmacy on 01/05/2016, with a report of soreness at the site of injection after he got a flu shot at this location on 11/27/2015, two days later he felt the soreness on his right shoulder. He did not report this to a doctor or treat it. He decided to report after he noticed blue discoloration under his arm."
"Case number PHEH2015US021775, is an initial spontaneous report from a consumer received on 26 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 59 years old female patient. Concurrent condition included celiac disease. Concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with seasonal influenza vaccine (manufacturer and batch number: not reported) intramuscularly on 22 Oct 2015. On the same day after vaccination the patient experienced runny nose in the night. On 23 Oct 2015 the patient experienced tongue swelling and """"map"""" on her tongue. The patient states she only experiences this event when she receives gluten. Further the patient also experienced diarrhea and vomiting (severe). It was reported that the patient never had these reactions in the past after influenza vaccination. Outcome of swollen tongue was condition unchanged and outcome of other events were unknown. Seriousness and causality of the events were not reported. Seriousness assessment of swollen tongue was upgraded based on information in the source document. The case was lost to follow-up as the patient declined to provide HCP contact information."""""
"Case number PHEH2015US021034 is an initial spontaneous report received from a health care professional on 15 Oct 2015. This report refers to a female patient whose age was not reported. Her current condition included allergy to shell fish. Her concomitant medications were not reported. She was vaccinated with seasonal influenza vaccine (manufacturer: Novartis, trade name and batch number: not reported) intramuscularly on 15 Oct 2015. It was reported that on the same day she came back in with a rash and stated that her throat was closing up. The events outcome was unknown. The seriousness of the event was not reported, but the events were upgraded as medically significant based on the information available in the source document. The causality of the events was not reported."
"Severe pain upper Left Shoulder that radiates to neck and elbow. Treated with Medrol Dosepak, and Diclofenec Sodium for pain."
"This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist via other company Pfizer, refers to a 41-year-old female patient with asthma. Patient had no other pertinent medical history. On 26-SEP-2015 around 12:00, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of PNEUMOVAX 23 lot # K009107, expiry date 21-JAN-2016, 0.5 ml, intramuscularly in the left deltoid for asthma. Other suspect therapy included the second dose (the first dose was given 1 year before, in 2014) of FLUVIRIN lot# 15721P, expiry date 30-MAY-2016, intramuscularly, into the left deltoid (dose not reported), administered at the same time. Concomitant medications were not reported. There was no illness at the time of vaccination. In October 2015, the patient experienced pain in hand and arm, where the vaccines were administered, and had trouble lifting it. The patient sought medical attention via doctor's visit. No laboratory studies were performed. The outcome of pain in hand and arm was reported as improved (recovering), but the patient still had trouble lifting her arm (not recovered). Causality assessment was unknown. Additional information has been requested."
"Case number PHEH2015US020111, is an initial spontaneous report received from a pharmacist on 07 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 22 year old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. She received AFLURIA (other manufacturer, batch number: unknown) on 10 Sep 2015 and influenza vaccine INN (manufacturer and batch number unknown) on 07 Oct 2015. The patient received 2 doses of flu vaccines within 4 weeks apart from one another. No adverse event was reported. No further information was provided."
"Case number PHEH2015US018002 is an initial spontaneous report from a consumer received on 11 Sep 2015. This report refers to a 14-year-old male patient. The patient was vaccinated with seasonal influenza vaccine (manufacturer and batch number: not reported) on 15 Aug 2015. On an unknown date, after vaccination he experienced scratchy throat, fluid behind ears and mild fever. The outcome of the events reported as recovered. The seriousness and causality of the events were not reported."
"A pain first occurred in the hips/buttocks and over the following 2-3 days spread up to my shoulders. Over the course of about two weeks the intensity of the pain became unbearable and I went to my primary physician. After some blood tests, he diagnosed Polymyalgia Rheumatica and prescribed 20mg of Prednisone, which did nothing to suppress the pain. I was referred to a rheumatologist who increased the Prednisone treatment to 40mg. This suppressed the pain by about 80%. After about 1-2 weeks at that dosage, I started a reduced dosage to wean me from the Prednisone and at the same time was prescribed a progressively increased amount of Gabapentin over about a three week period. Over that period, the pain started to become more intense. I'm currently in intense pain and awaiting a doctor's visit."
"Pain at injection site felt after injection in upper left shoulder.  Pain got progressively worse and developed decreased range of motion.  Saw PCP after 4 months.  Referred to Orthopedic doctor who took xrays and who said flu shot had been injected into shoulder bursa instead of into muscle, causing inflammation and """"frozen shoulder"""".  I was given cortisone shot and referred for physical therapy."""""
"I began having extreme pain in my left shoulder, radiating down my arm, and severely limited range of motion. I have been to a physician, an orthopedic doctor and to physical therapy. I am still being treated with physical therapy after orthopedic doctor diagnosed my condition as """"frozen"""" shoulder and took X-rays."""""
Muscle/tendon/arm pain for 2 months now can't sleep on left side due to aching pain when putting on clothes/jacket requires backward/upward arm motion.
"Per patient, vaccine administered in right shoulder, started with discomfort that same day and symptoms became worse through the night and next morning. Unable to lift move arm (Pt. is left handed). Limited movement and pain was persistent until pt. visited family Dr. and was prescribed a cortisone injection (Buttock). Within 4 weeks after injection, pain and limited movement returned and pt made another visit to his Dr. who then put him on an oral anti-inflammatory.  Pt. is still having pain despite taking the oral prednisone. Pain is worse at night and upon rising in morning."
"I received FLUZONE HD PF 15-16 Inj on September 28, 2015. It was given in the left deltoid. It was administered correctly. Within an hour aching began. Swelling and redness was apparent within 2 hours. Aching, swelling, and redness persisted for 2 days. Muscle soreness with pain on movement involving the deltoid muscle lasted until the end of October, 2015. The pain was initially 3 on a scale of 1 to 10. I have not had this extended period of pain previously with this vaccine. Beginning November 22, 2015, I experienced onset of acute diverticulitis. I was seen by my primary care physician, 11-24-2015, and treated with a combination of levofloxacin and metronidazole. On November 25, 2015, the injection site of the influenza immunization once again became painful with slight swelling and no redness. The patient was again 3 on a scale of 1 to 10. The left deltoid pain is still present today, but now has decreased to 1 or 2 on the scale of 1 to 10. I have received the high dose influenza vaccine previously with only minimal soreness for 1 day. I believe that the recurrence coinciding with an acute infection is unusual, and could be connected to this particular vaccine type or lot. I am enclosing records of these immunizations and a summary of my medical history."
Person who administered shot gave the shot in a place very high up on my left arm. I asked why so high. I had never gotten a flu shot that high up. It also hurt a lot. Never had that happen before. That night I could not move my arm.
AFLURIA 2015-2016 - given 10/29/15. Pt. went to doctor 11/25/15. Has pain says shot hit the bursa in arm.
"Pain at site, down arm and lost range of motion in arm. Visit - family Dr. (Wife has same reaction)."
Please see attached 2 pages.
"Swelling, redness and pain at the site of injection, was treated in the Urgent care twice for drainage. Pt then went to ER when the fluid reaccumulated, and required I&D in the OR. On oral antibiotics presently and receiving wound care at home with packing."
Pt says her arm has been hurting her since the shot. She can lift it but it is painful to lift too high she says she has tingling going down her arm and to her fingers.
Patient complains of soreness and pain at injection site. (Required physical therapy).
"Extensive erythema, pain and swelling of arm. Began soon after immunization. Lasted 3d. Resolved spontaneously."
"Shoulder pain bursitis, tendonitis of shoulder and shoulder pain, aching all day all night, unable to sleep due to pain. Treatment - cortisone shot - worked for 18 hours. 4 weeks of physical therapy, no relief still attempting physical ther."
Same day arm swollen red in injection spot (flu shot arm).
Arm swollen/red same day when shot given. (PNEUMOVAX shot arm).
Patient received Flu vaccine at pharmacy in Nov 2015. Reported to our office during appointment: (R) deltoid pain since receiving vaccination.
Had redness to left deltoid the size of softball per mom and slight swelling. Mom requested to fill this out.
"Rec'd flu shot 11-5-15. 24-49 hours late developed localized pain. Over the course of days to week pain worsened and by mid December pain involved whole shoulder, arm pit, clavicle, upper chest, side and back. Pain radiated down left arm into hand, thumb, index and middle finger. Point tenderness was severe. interrupted sleep. Used ibuprofen. applied warmth and continued to use arm."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a pharmacist in the United States on 08 December 2015. This case involves 68-years-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Fluzone HD batch number, dose in series were unknown and dose, expiry date were not reported) intramuscularly in right deltoid on 04 December 2015. Illness at time of vaccination and pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions were reported as unknown. On an unknown date, following the vaccination, the patient had developed internal radiating pain to the shoulder. It was reported that no injection site redness, swelling or pain. The patient's laboratory data corrective treatment was not reported. The patient was not recovered from the event. Follow-up information received from a pharmacist on 11 January 2016. Lot number and expiry date of Fluzone HD was reported as UI1513AA and 12 June 2016. Patient was vaccinated with the second dose of vaccine at pharmacy. Patient was previously vaccinated with a first dose of Fluzone HD on an unspecified date. Patient did not experience any other vaccinations four weeks prior to the current vaccination. On an unspecified date, patient experienced pain and inflammation in her shoulder. It was stated that even one week post vaccination after usage of Ibuprofen regularly for a week, she went to physician who prescribed a 6 day regimen of a Medrol dose pack for the pain and inflammation in her shoulder and when that regimen was finished patient started Cyclobenzaprine, a muscle relaxant for a few days until the pain was resolved and was assisted by an accopantonist. On an unspecified date, patient recovered from the event pain and outcome of the event inflammation was not reported. List of documents held by sender: none."
Patient received the flu vaccine in November 2015. Immediately had pain. Tenderness did not resolve. Reported pain in January. MRI of upper left arm demonstrated findings suggestive of bursitis or myositis which the radiologist suggested could be infectious in etiology.
42 y/o female reports to the clinic today for complains of reaction to the flu vaccine. She reported: No fever or dyspnea and no new onset sudden onset dyspnea. Patient stated that she had broke out into hives and had a rash all over her body.  Pt. states had Influenza vaccine on Tuesday 10/27/2015 @ about 2pm. She noted at rash at left arm site later that evening with redness and swelling and patient had itch. Patient stated she took a Benadryl for relief which has help.
"Case number PHHY2016US006986, is an initial spontaneous report received from the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS reference number: 605762) website on 18 Jan 2015. This report refers to a 57 years old male patient. Past medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 173989) intramuscularly into left arm on 21 Oct 2015. On the same day after vaccination, patient experienced congestion, diaphoresis, flushing, tongue tingling, joint discomfort, dyspnea. The outcome of the events was reported as complete recovery on an unknown date. The seriousness of the events was reported as non serious and causality was not reported. Seriousness assessment of respiratory tract congestion, flushing, paraesthesia oral and dyspnoea were upgraded based on information available in source document. Quality assurance (QA) department confirmed that, the reported batch number 173989 is not valid batch number for FLUVIRIN. Hence, investigation could not be performed. Follow up information received from Quality assurance (QA) department on 29 Jan 2016: Added QA comment."
"Case number PHEH2015US022009, is an initial spontaneous report received from a Nurse on 26 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 15 year old male patient. Medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 157105) 0.5 ml in the left deltoid intramuscularly 22 Oct 2015 at 10:45. On the same day after vaccination, he developed localized rash on trunk, extremities, face, neck, arms and legs. The patient was treated with BENADRYL for rash. The outcome of the event was reported as condition improving. The seriousness of the event was reported as non serious and causality was not reported. The seriousness of the event Rash generalized was upgraded based on the available information in the source document. Follow up information received from Nurse on 15 Dec 2015: Upgraded the event from non serious to serious. Updated verbatim of the event, patient's height, weight and vaccine therapy details."
Began experiencing aching near injection site a few days after Prevnar vaccine was administered; still persists as of 2/4/16; informed patient to follow up with her PCP.
"Flu symptoms, severe migraine from morning to night for both days more severe than usual chronic pain, muscle pain (arms, legs chest/shoulder area) arm swelling at the site of injection, weakness, excruciating toothache, facial pain, swelling, stiff neck. Infection in tooth, gums, sinus, and ear followed shortly after immunization. Complained to doctor staff, was told it was probably a reaction to the doses of two immunizations that I received. That it may have just been """"too much for me"""" Treatment at emergency dentist of Amoxicillin in month of November. Again in December; Amox again, even though I explain to all docs that I am already resistant to two unknown (I forgot) types of antibiotics...then to ER for facial swelling and severe pain, migraine, infections, dehydration; diagnosed w/all but migraine and prescribed clindamycin. Infection not gone. To this day 02/04/2016 I have a reoccurring cyst in my gums, tooth abscess, persistent sinus infection and swelling which won't go away. My children have all caught the flu despite their own flu shots..(physicians) are not readily willing test or confirm the presence of MRSA. We are given antibiotics without bloodwork or nasal swabs to confirm anything. My 8 yr old daughter now has a lung infection with severe chest pain, diarrhea, dehydration, stomach pain, missing school. Her older brother (13 yrs) has type one diabetes with a fever of high as 103 degrees last weekend which got better with close monitoring and medicine, no doctor visit or ER, oldest son (15yrs) was very sick for one week in January, did not get treated or diagnosed, had the flu. Youngest son 10 yrs old had all flu symptoms with difficulty breathing, taken to doctor, given antibiotics as well as Pepto Bismol for throat, Tylenol and Motrin for severe fever of 104, Benadryl for sinusitis, it seems to have gone. Whatever has happened with the virus or whatever this is, our family can't seem to shake it and are all worsening, passing it back and forth and missing school, activities and going to a lot of doctor visits. I'm not understanding why blood testing is becoming a thing of the past nowadays to rule out more serious deficiency or autoimmune disorders which would make these occurrences more easily treated with knowledge of resistance."""""
After influenza vaccine 0.5 cc AFLURIA. Pt had increased polyneuropathy she attributed polyneuropathy to vaccine Dec 1 2015.
"Headaches, progressive and persistent fatigue, anorexia, leg pains within 2 days, after BEXSERO on 11-24-2015 and which have persisted to date (2-4-16). Weight loss of approximately 7 kg. Due to anorexia from 11/24/15 (65 kg to present 2/4/16 (58.6 kg) nausea, vomiting, diarrhea started 11-28-16"
Severe pain in arm and shoulder could not lift arm. Went to dr gave me prednisone tool x-ray. Dec.30-15 went to orthopedic dr gave shot in shoulder and sent me to therapy.
"Pt reports limited range of motion in arm starting approximately 2 weeks following vaccine administration, physical therapy ordered by physician - left arm."
Pain in upper left arm. Inability to raise arm over shoulder height.
Immediately hurt when administered in the left arm. Continues to have dull ache in this location. Reported today 2/5/16.
Sore arm of prolonged duration progressing to decreased mobility of shoulder. No imporvement with PT.  X Ray negative Dx tendonosis by MRI 2 months after injection.
"Body soreness, fatigue. Severe headache, cough. Shoulder pain/soreness."
Patient received flu vaccine in September she returned back to the pharmacy in late January stating that her arm still hurts where she received the vaccine.
"unsolicited report received from a consumer on 27 January 2016. This case involves 39-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of INFLUENZA VACCINE (Flu-shot) (batch number, route and site of administration not reported) on 01 October 2015. The patient's medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 02 October 2015, 1 day following the vaccination, the patient had experienced strong headache in the morning and elevated temperature (99 degree farad) in the evening. Other laboratory data and corrective treatment were not reported. The outcome of events was not reported. List of Documents held by sender: none."
"Muscle weakness, leg pain from knee up to groin. Symptoms especially worse at night. Patient has had MRI and being treated with steroids/NSAIDs."
"Initial unsolicited report received from Consumer via partner company (Pfizer) on 25-Nov-2015. This case involves a 81-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of INFLUENZA VACCINE (INFLUENZA VACCINE) (batch number was unknown, expiry date and route of administration were not reported) in left arm and with a dose of PNEUMOCOCCAL POLYSACCHARIDE VACCINE (Prevnar 13) (manufacturer: Pfizer, batch number was not available, expiry date and route of administration were not reported) in right arm on 28-Oct-2015 sometime after 14:30 hours. It was reported that patient had no illness at the time of vaccination. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. Patient had not reported this adverse event previously. On unspecified date after vaccination, patient had experienced limitation of right arm movement, muscle pain and joint pain. Patient reported that side effects did not start on the same day that she received the vaccine. Patient did not require an emergency doctor visit. No Lab test had been performed and corrective treatments were not reported. At the time of report, events were still persisting (ongoing) and patient was not recovered from the events. Documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from Consumer in on 21 January 2016. The event coding was updated from limited movement to injected limb mobility decreased. No additional information provided."
Patient had initial injection site pain that lasted approximately 1 week.  Since injection he has had pain that migrates around entire left arm.  He states it is a deep muscle like pain.  It is not constant but comes and goes.  Patient has taken Tylenol and Ibuprofen but neither relieves the pain.
"Administered on the shoulder, very high, was not painful, but did not feel like it was normal. It hurt at night and continued to hurt for weeks. Certain positions it hurts. Dull pain."
"Received flu shot high dose and 4 days later started itching under arms, chest, back, neck, abdomen, groins and upper thighs severely. Itching so bad had trouble sleeping for 2 nights. After 2 nights of not hardly sleeping, bought anti-itch lotion, stopped itchy 2 days later."
Left arm was sore for a couple weeks.  After that I have muscle ache in my left shoulder and if I have blood pressure taken in that arm much muscle pain for days afterward.  This was still happening over a month after the shot! Pain is severe enough that I've taken OTC pain meds for it.
Arm started hurting and I could not raise it. It kept hurting for days. My arm has continued to hurt and I have trouble raising it.
"Based upon the follow-up information received on 27-Jan-2016, influenza vaccine was added as a company suspect drug. Initial information regarding this clinically sponsored solicited case was received on 13-Jan-2016 from the patient via the Patient Support Program. This case concerns an approximately 64 year old adult male patient who had mild flu symptoms few days after and was feeling tired and felt funny, unspecified time after receiving Praluent and influenza vaccine. No past drugs or concurrent conditions were reported. On 30-Dec-2015, the patient commenced therapy with subcutaneous alirocumab injection at the dose of 75 mg every other week (lot/batch number and expiry date unspecified) for Hyperlipidemia, unspecified delivered via alirocumab prefilled pen. On an unknown date, the patient started treatment with influenza vaccine (dose, form, route, frequency, lot/batch number and expiry date: unknown). On an unknown date, the patient reported having mild flu symptoms that started a few days after last injection. An unspecified time later, since an unknown date, the patient has been feeling tired lately. Reportedly, today was the first day he was starting to feel a little bit better. He has had sinus trouble for over 20 years and it was not unusual for him to have flu symptoms. Upon follow-up it was reported the patient felt funny after the 1st injection. He did develop flu-like symptoms. Symptoms were not severe. Patient not sure if it was the alirocumab or the flu shot that he received 2 weeks before. No information on any corrective treatment received was provided, and alirocumab was continued as planned. At time of reporting, the outcome of was unknown for feeling abnormal and recovering for other events. Reporter causality: Unknown for alirocumab and not reported for influenza vaccine. Company causality: Not associated for alirocumab and associated for influenza vaccine. Additional information was received on 27-Jan-2016 from the patient via patient support program: Influenza vaccine was added as a company suspect drug, new event of feeling abnormal was added and narrative was amended."
"Very sore left arm...always get flu shot, never had reaction like this!"
"Arm hurt so bad I couldn't move it, called my Doctor he gave me a Cortisone shot. Which helped it but to this day I'm rubbing it, still hurts. Can't sleep with out help."
Amenorrhea.
"Severe arm pain and stiffness.  Arm was hard to lift, however, I could move it well enough to function. Arm can ache at rest and is still very sore to touch."
Visible depression of skin over injection site of left deltoid measuring approximately 1 in. x 1.5 in. with 2-3 lesions resembling pimples that appeared over time.
"Immediate burning and numbness of entire arm where injection was done. Redness, heat and induration present on entire upper arm. Shortness of breath and coughing from airway swelling, and itching on chest and extremities, decrease in oxygen saturation as shown by pulse ox. Pre treated with Zyrtec due to prior severe reaction and treated with epinephrine and liquid Benadryl at time of reaction onset. After initial reaction was controlled treatment continued with oral steroids and oral Benadryl for a course of 7 days. Joint aches and weakness were present for 2 weeks after vaccination and numbness of arm and hand on the side of the vaccination. GI upset including diarrhea was experienced as well. A fever of 101.2 was noted the night of vaccination and continued off and on for 3 days. 15 days after vaccination, labs drawn by Primary MD showed a TSH of 26, Thyroid panel was normal in Sept of 2015 and no changes had been made to medication prior to the vaccine. Thyroid continues to be unregulated at this time."
"Pain in rt. shoulder, deltoid and bicep. Treating with heat, cream. Little relief."
"Based on additional information received on 28 January 2016, this case got medically confirmed and also initially this case considered as non-serious was upgraded to serious due to important medical events vaccination site cellulitis and swelling arm. Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 12 November 2015. This case involves a 78-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Fluzone HD (batch number was not reported) intramuscularly on left deltoid and also received a dose of Pneumonia vaccine (batch number, route and site of administration were not reported) on 10 November 2015. The patient's medical history includes seasonal allergies, illness at time of vaccination was reported as none and birth defects, medical conditions were not reported. The patient's concomitant medications were not reported. On 11 November 2015, one day following the vaccination, the patient had experienced swelling in both upper arms but the left deltoid was swollen worsened than the right deltoid, redness, burning sensation and it was hot to touch. The patient had also experienced pain from the deltoid area down the arm to the wrist. The patient felt dizzy and was having bouts of diarrhea. The patient required ER/doctor visit. Laboratory data was not reported. The patient had received Levaquin (once a daily) for one week as corrective treatment. The patient was not recovered from the events. List of documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from a health care professional on 28 January 2016. It was reported that the patient did not receive any vaccination on 20 January 2016, and stated that patient came to office after receiving both vaccines on 10 November 2015 and it was noted that patient had cellulitis to both injection sites. Patient was treated with depo Medrol 80mg which was given intramuscularly. Patient returned to follow-up on 14 November 2015, and Levaquin was continued for one week. List of documents held by sender: none. Sender's Comments: Vaccination site cellulitis is unexpected after INFLUENZA USP TRIVAL A-B HIGH DOSE SUBVIRION VACCINE and PNEUMOCOCCAL VACCINE. Time to onset is compatible with a role of both of the vaccines. Additional information on the complementary investigation results confirming the diagnosis of cellulitis, cleansing of the vaccine injection site, patient medical history (trauma, insect/animal bite, pathologies increasing the risk of cellulitis), as well as identification of the pathogen responsible for the event is needed to further assess this case."
"Upon second medical examination of the case during internal review, a significant correction was performed on 5 February 2016 to correct the product code from INFLUENZA VACCINE to INFLUENZA USP TRIVAL A-B HIGH DOSE SUBVIRION VACCINE. Initial unsolicited report received from a pharmacist on 17-Nov-2015. This case involves a 75-year-old female patient, who was vaccinated with first dose of 0.5 ml PREVNAR (manufacturer: Wyeth, Batch number: M06899 expiry date: Mar-2017) and first dose of Flu shot (manufacturer: Unknown, Batch number: UI491AA) both via intramuscular route in left arm on 11-Nov-2015 at 14:30. Patient had no illness at the time of vaccination. Patient denied other medications and other medical conditions. Concomitant medication was not reported. It was reported that patient had no adverse event following prior vaccination. On 11-Nov-2015, same day within five minutes after vaccination, patient developed a bump at the PREVNAR injection site which was about the size of a quarter in diameter, rose up to about 1/2 in height and stopped. Patient had also received flu shot an inch away from the PREVNAR injection site and the patient had no reaction to the flu shot injection. Laboratory investigation and corrective treatment was not reported. At the time of this report patient was recovering from the event. Documents held by sender: none. Addendum on 5-Feb-2016: Upon second medical examination of the case during internal review, a significant correction was performed on 5 February 2016 to correct the product code from 'INFLUENZA VACCINE' to 'INFLUENZA USP TRIVAL A-B HIGH DOSE SUBVIRION VACCINE'."
"Shoulder was sore the day after injection. Instead of getting better shoulder became progressively more sore. It has now been 4 months since injection and shoulder is stiff and painful to the touch. Range of motion is decreased, particularly when attempting to reach upward with the arm."
None stated.
"Severe arm pain, headache, fatigue."
"Patient came to pharmacy about 2 months later and said that arm still sore. About Jan. 4th she contacted store mgr and said in severe pain, and had nerve damage to her arm."
"Upon second medical examination of the case during internal review, a significant correction was performed on 9 February 2016 to change the company causality from """"Unclassified"""" to """"Possible"""". Upon second medical examination of the case during internal review, a significant correction was performed on 9 February 2016 to add modifier for the company drug 'Praluent' and to add the labelling for this product in event to product assessment screen. Initial unsolicited report received from a healthcare professional on 10 November 2015. This case involves a 62-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Flu vaccine (batch number, expiration date, dose number, dose, site and route were not reported) on or around 15 October 2015. The patient also received a dose of Praluent 75mg for treatment of cholesterol on or around 15 October 2015. On 29 October 2015 (fourteen days later) the patient received her second Praluent dose 75mg. The treating physician discontinued Praluent on 29 November 2015. The patient's medical history and Concomitant medications were not reported. On unspecified date following the vaccination the patient experienced flu like symptoms, nausea, fever, chills and body aches. After second dose of Praluent, the patient again experienced the same flu like symptoms, nausea, fever, chills and body ache. Laboratory investigation and corrective treatment were not reported. The outcome of the event was not reported. The treating physician was uncertain if the symptoms could be attributed to Praluent, the flu vaccine or illness. List of documents held by sender: none. Addendum on 9 February 2016: Upon second medical examination of the case during internal review, a significant correction was performed on 9 February 2016 to add modifier for the company drug 'Praluent' and to add the labelling for this product in event to product assessment screen. Addendum on 9 February 2016: Upon second medical examination of the case during internal review, a significant correction was performed on 9 February 2016 to change the company causality from """"Unclassified"""" to """"Possible""""."""""
"Hives and bumps around injection site in left arm, redness, itchy, and area warm too touch.  Grandmother administered Zyrtec OTC."
"The initial case was missing the following minimum criteria: unidentifiable patient. Upon receipt of follow-up information on 01Feb2016, this case now contains all required information to be considered valid. This is a spontaneous report from a contactable medical assistant via Pfizer Sales Representative. This medical assistant reported similar events on five patients. This is the third of five reports. A 65-year-old female patient received PREVNAR 13 (lot L99262, expiration date 28Feb2017, NDC number 0005-1971-02) on 25Sep2015 at 0.5ml single dose via unspecified route. On the same date the patient received FLUARIX. On 01Oct2015 the patient experienced cellulitis. No admission to hospital was involved. The patient received treatment for the event with AUGMENTIN. The patient recovered from the event."
Left arm was sore; hot at the injection site; arm red on inner part of arm to elbow; These specific side effects subsided after one week.  On-going effects is loss of range of motion in left arm;  unable to put weight or sleep on left side at night due to on-going pain in upper part of arm.
"Upon internal review on 08 February 2016, correction has been amended to correct the company modifier for suspect drug PRALUENT. Upon second medical examination of the case during internal review, a significant correction performed on 21 December 2015 to change ALIROCUMAB from concomitant drug to suspect. Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 3 December 2015. This case involves a 68-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Flu shot (batch number, route and site of administration were not reported) on 02 December 2015. The patient had a medical history of high cholesterol. On 30 November 2015, the patient began with 75 mg pen injection of praluent (every two weeks) (batch number- 5F010A, expiry date - 30 September 2016) for high cholesterol as concomitant medication. On 03 December 2015, one day following the vaccination, the patient had experienced fatigue. Laboratory data and corrective treatment were not reported. On an unspecified date, the patient was recovered from the event. List of documents held by sender: none. Addendum: 21 December 2015. Upon second medical examination of case at time of internal review the following has been modified in this case ALIROCUMAB has been considered as a suspect drug. Follow up information received from a Consumer on 07 January 2016. No additional information provided. Addendum: 08 February 2016. Upon second medical examination of case at time of internal review the following has been modified in this case company modifier for suspect drug PRALUENT was corrected."
Pain in upper arm above elbow and if I raise the arms there is pain. Never had this pain before the shots.
"Sudden onset of tinnitus and significant hearing loss, predominantly in left ear 24 hours after receiving flu vaccine (Fluzone High-Dose IM Susp. Lot# UI453AA) and pneumococus vaccine (Prevnar 13 IM Susp. Lot# m16258). Saw Dr. who administered vaccine on Monday 11/23/15. Saw an ENT Dr. on Wed 11/25/15. Prescribed high dose oral prednisone for 10 days. Subjectively much improved after 36 hours of treatment. Follow-up hearing evaluation on 12/17/15 showed return on hearing to """"normal"""". Tinnitus gone with 36 hr of prednisone."""""
"Vaccine administered 9/3/15, patient came by today 2/11/16 said that her arm does not hurt but doesn't """"feel right"""" and she said she read an article how other people have had the same situation following a flu vaccine.  Patient did not state any treatment or therapy following vaccine administration."""""
"11/12/15 - Well visit, received Tdap and flu vaccines. Dr 11/14/15 started feeling pain behind right ear. Pain increased over the next 2 days. Went to urgent care and was diagnosed with Bells Palsy. A CT scan was ordered on 11/17/15 and completed on 11/18/15. Primary doctor continued Bells Palsy diagnosis."
"Severe, chronic pain in left shoulder where vaccine was administered."
Very swollen and red for three days. As the months went on it hurt (ached) when I'd move my arm backwards or laid on it. Its been 5 months and always in the area of the shot.
"This spontaneous case was initially received on 26-Oct-2015. The case report was received from a(n) Non Health Professional and concerns a(n) 60 years old female patient. Weight: not provided, Height: 63.5 inches. For concomitant medication and therapy dates refer to the appropriate report sections. Suspect drug(s), timing and conditions surrounding the onset of reaction(s)/event(s): The patient received Afluria for indication Protection against the influenza virus on 20-Oct-2015 - 20-Oct-2015, Batch no: not provided, Route of administration: Intramuscular, Dose: no information provided. Additional suspect drug(s): No additional drugs suspected. Reaction(s)/event(s) and outcome: On 22-Oct-2015, after starting / treatment with Afluria the patient experienced Drowsiness (non serious, outcome: Not Recovered / Not Resolved), Malaise/Increased malaise (non serious, outcome: Not Recovered / Not Resolved), Chills (non serious, outcome: Not Recovered / Not Resolved), Felt warm/[Had a fever because] she was warm to touch/Feeling hot/Forehead was hot to touch (non serious, outcome: Not Recovered / Not Resolved). On 25-Oct-2015, after starting / treatment with Afluria the patient experienced Fever (non serious, outcome: Not Recovered / Not Resolved), Nasal congestion/Congestion in context of nasal congestion (non serious, outcome: Not Recovered / Not Resolved). On an unknown date, after starting / treatment with Afluria the patient experienced Rhinorrhoea (non serious, outcome: Not Recovered / Not Resolved). Action taken: discontinued. Event treatment: No antipyretic treatment. Patient treated with oxymetazoline. For relevant test results see appropriate report section. Reporter's assessment: ***Follow-up information received from a HCP on 06-Nov-2015: The reporter reported the term 'lack of effect' and assessed the causality as 'unlikely' in relation to Afluria. ***Case correction 08-Feb-2016: AE 8 'lack of effect' updated to core listed, AEs 1 to 8 upgraded to serious based on reported lack of effect. Sender's Comments: Company's evaluation and comment: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Non serious. Listedness: According to the Reference Safety Information, the events Malaise/Increased malaise, Chills and Fever are listed events of Afluria, the events Drowsiness, Felt warm/[Had a fever because] she was warm to touch/Feeling hot/Forehead was hot to touch, Nasal congestion/Congestion in context of nasal congestion and Rhinorrhoea are unlisted events of Afluria. Case Causality: Possible. Company's evaluation and comment 26-Nov-2015: no change in assessment. Company evaluation and comment: updated 11-Feb-2016. Seriousness criterion/criteria: Medically significant due Lack of effect. Listedness: Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine, and the Afluria PI, drowsiness is unlisted. All other events (malaise, increased malaise and chills, warm to touch, feeling hot, forehead hot to touch, nasal congestion, congestion  and rhinorrhoea) are listed in context of Influenza like illness (ILI). Lack of effect is also listed as vaccine efficacy is not 100%. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is 3 days for initial events(drowsiness, malaise, chills, fever) and 6 days for respiratory tract symptoms. The time to onset is not consistent for lack of efficacy as seroconversion following immunisation takes at least 2 weeks. Additionally there is no lab data to suggest Influenza infection. The events most likely represent Influenza like illness which is defined as fever, in association with  upper respiratory tract symptoms (nasal congestion and rhinorrhoea) and 2 systemic symptoms (chills malaise). ILI can occur in the week following vaccination. Causality is considered possibly related for all events but not in context of vaccination failure. Causality is unrelated for event of Lack of effect."
"Case number PHEH2015US004140, is an initial spontaneous report from a medical assistant received on 27 Feb 2015. This report refers to a 3 years old male patient. Past medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. He was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN, (batch numbers: U5036CA, U5018AA, U5I73AB, UI207AB and 14511P) intramuscularly at a dose of 0.5 ml on 29 Jan 2015, which reached 31 degree Fahrenheit for two hours. No adverse event was reported following this administration error (incorrect storage of drug, drug use in unapproved population)."
"Since getting FLUZONE HIGH DOSE, patient has continued to have low grade fevers, malaise and myalgia (still 4 months out)."
"Case number PHEH2015US021588 is an initial spontaneous report received from a health care professional on 21 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 56 year old male patient. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1516401) intramuscularly, whose vial was leaking where the diaphragm and metal ring meet on 15 Oct 2015. The case was assessed as non-serious. No adverse event was reported following this medication error."
"Case number PHEH2015US019021, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 24 Sep 2015. This report refers to a 24 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN, (batch number: 1515401) in the butt (gluteal region) on 24 Sep 2015. No adverse event was reported."
Soreness at injection site and in deltoid muscle.
"When I received a flu shot on 22 October 2015, the needle was inserted higher and the pain was more severe than any previous shot. The pain began immediately and has not stopped. I was seen by my primary care physician who ordered an MRI. The MRI showed no apparent structural damage to the area, but the pain persists. My doctor then ordered physical therapy, which I am currently undergoing."
"Intense stomach cramping with alternating constipation and diarrhea. Got worse in the next few days. Reappeared several weeks later, causing a visit to ER."
"9/24/15: flu shot administered in the morning.  Stabbing, shooting extreme pain felt deep within my shoulder immediately at time of injection that traveled down my arm into my fingertips which tingled.  My fiance was in the office with me and he saw my reaction to this injection.  I have had flu shots before and while they are not pleasant I have never felt this type of pain with any past injection before. The arm pain continued to get worse.  I used heat thinking it was some sort of muscle soreness and I gave it some time to be sure it wasn't just the soreness associated with the injection site but this was deep within the shoulder, not like past injections where the injection site would be sore. 10/4/15: Notified my Doctor.  Advised to ice the area off and on and to let my Doctor know how it feels after 2 weeks. After the 2 weeks no improvement called my Doctor back.  Advised to do another round of ice for another 2 weeks.  Still no improvement advised to come into the office. 11/2/15: appt with Dr.  She checked it out and prescribed Diclofenac Sod Dr 75mg Tab.  Took as prescribed.  Some improvement while on this medication but soon after I had completed taking all medication the pain came back.  Notified Dr of this. 11/23/16: another round of Diclofenac Sod Dr 75mg Tab.  Same as before- some improvement while taking medication but soon after completing pain came back.  Notified Doctor of this-referred to Shoulder Specialist. 1/4/16: appt with shoulder specialist.  X Rays were taken and cortisone shot adminstered.  Immediate relief from the shot for 2 weeks.  On the 3rd week the pain came back. 1/25/16: follow up visit with shoulder specialist.  At the time of the follow up appt, pain was back.  I am getting married on 2/17/16 so at the time of this appt shoulder specialist said he did not want me to do anything until after the ceremony.  Prescribed Methylprednisolone 4mg DosePak to take if needed at time of wedding ceremony.  Shoulder specialist wants to see me soon after marriage and has mentioned Physical Therapy for future treatment.  Right now TBD."
"VERY SORE LEFT ARM, lasted a few days and went away.  Started again in beginning of November with severe pain when sleeping on shoulder and certain movements.  Now it hurts mostly with certain movements only.  Also have numbness, weakness in both hands when sleeping and during the day.  Hands are numb during night regardless of which side I sleep on.  Not sure if more neuropathy or from the flu shot.  Had MRI of neck 2 weeks ago."
Left shoulder impingement and recommended physical therapy.
"Periodic but persistent severe arm pain in left arm in area of flu shot.  Periodic muscle aching, moderate weakness and reduced range of motion in my upper arm - often the pain will wake me from sleep if I'm resting on my left arm.  I wait for it to subside, and it does.  Because I have had this problem when receiving the flu shot for the past three or four years I have requested the shot be given in my hip but was told that location is not available to me - only the arm."
Aching upper arm. Restricted motion.  Continues to this day.
Extreme pain in vaccinated arm. Worse at night. Could not sleep.
STRONG ARM AND SHOULDER PAIN.
Aching muscle in use of upper arm. This still persists after 5 months especially when raising my arm.
Pain and tense at injection site. Now a days lump at shoulder and armpit and I am feeling very severe dizzy. I can't lift my hand because of pain and very severe tense at injection site.
"Flu vaccine AFLURIA lot # 12449211A given 10/29/15. Employee stated on 2/9/16 that she has had pain from upper arm to fingers starting 3 days after shot. No fever, swelling or redness reported. Seen by occupational health - physician treating for work related repetitive motion."
Patient came in after article in newspaper shared that the HIGH DOSE FLU vaccine caused persistent arm pain this year. She said he had arm pain since receiving the vaccine.
Patient's spouse came in after article in newspaper shared that the HIGH DOSE FLU vaccine caused persistent arm pain this year. She said he had arm pain since receiving the vaccine.
"Case number PHEH2015US021581, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 21 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 54 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 21 Oct 2015 the patient received FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1517401) intramuscularly at a dose of 1 ml in error. The case was assessed as non-serious. No adverse event was reported."
"Case number PHEH2015US021582, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 21 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 38-year-old female patient. Historical conditions were not reported. No concomitant medication was reported. The patient received FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1517401) intramuscularly at a dose of 1 ml in error on 21 Oct 2015. The case was assessed as non-serious. No adverse event was reported following the maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US021297, is an initial spontaneous report received from a pharmacist on 19 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 16 year old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 157801) intramuscularly on 18 Oct 2015. It was reported that, before administration, the FLUVIRIN was out of temperature range at 49 Fahrenheit for 4 hours. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US021584, is an initial spontaneous report received from healthcare professional on 21 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 29 year old female patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not provided. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1516401) intramuscularly on 15 Oct 2015. It was reported that during vaccination vial leakage was observed from the point where diaphragm and metal meet. Further there was no harm caused to patient and no medical attention was required. No adverse event was reported following this event."
"Case number PHEH2015US021579, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 21 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 47-year-old female patient. Historical conditions were not reported. No concomitant medication was reported. The patient received FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1517401) intramuscularly at a dose of 1 ml in error on 21 Oct 2015. The case was assessed as non-serious. No adverse event was reported."
Case number PHEH2015US021583 is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 21 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 24 year old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1517401) intramuscularly at a dose of 1 ml in error on 21 Oct 2015. The case was assessed as non-serious. No adverse event was reported.
"Case number PHEH2015US021585, is an initial spontaneous report received from healthcare professional and QA department (reference number: 1007902) on 21 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 41 year old female patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not provided. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1516401) intramuscularly on 15 Oct 2015. It was reported that while drawing out vaccine from the vial leakage was observed from the point where diaphragm and metal meet. Further it was also reported that there was no harm caused to patient and no medical attention was required. No adverse event was reported following this event."
"Case number PHEH2015US020298, is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 63 year old male patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not provided. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) intramuscularly at a dose of 0.5 ml on 07 Oct 2015. It was reported that the patient was administered with FLUVIRIN vaccine which was stored out of 47 degree Fahrenheit temperature. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US021630, is an initial spontaneous report from a health care professional received on 22 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 2 years old male patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was inadvertently vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1516201) intramuscularly on 21 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this medication error."
"Case number PHEH2015US021003, is an initial spontaneous report received from a consumer on 16 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 37 year old female patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not provided. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 158402) intramuscularly in her buttock on 14 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US020969, is a combined initial and follow-up spontaneous report from a health care professional received on 16 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 23-year-old female patient. Historical conditions were not reported. No concomitant medication was reported. The patient was vaccinated with intramuscular dose of FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515601) at a dose of 1 ml instead of 0.5 ml on 14 Oct 2015. The case was assessed as non-serious. No adverse event was reported."
"Case number PHEH2015US021294, is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 19 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 2 year old male patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: not reported) intramuscularly on 18 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US021639 is an initial spontaneous report received from a pharmacist on 22 Oct 2015. This report refers to a male patient of an unknown age. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with single dose of FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1517601) intramuscularly on 22 Oct 2015. On the same day, the patient suddenly developed muscle weakness, extreme fatigue and lethargy. It was reported that these events were consistent for over 12 hours without resolution. Following this the patient visited emergency room where no medication was administered to him. No further information was provided. The final outcome of the events was reported as unknown. Seriousness and causality of the events was reported as unknown."
"Case number PHEH2015US021305, is a combined initial and follow up spontaneous report received from a pharmacist on 20 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 59 year old male patient. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) intramuscularly on 16 Oct 2015. It was reported that before vaccination the FLUVIRIN was exposed to 55 and 64 degree Fahrenheit temperature for 3 hours. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US020290, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 59 years old male patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient received FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) 0.5 ml intramuscular on 07 Oct 2015. It was reported that the patient received FLUVIRIN MDV that was out of temperature range at 47F before administration. No adverse event was reported."
"Case number PHEH2015US021423, is an initial spontaneous report received from a healthcare professional on 20 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 52 years old female patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not provided. It was reported that FLUVIRIN (batch number: 157602) stored at 48 degree F for 8 hours was administered to the patient intramuscularly on 20 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US021671 is an initial spontaneous report received from a health care professional on 23 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 67 year old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 151601) intramuscularly, about 3 inches below deltoid muscle, on an unknown date in Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this medication error."
"Case number PHEH2015US020613 is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 13 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 39 year old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1412701) at a dose of 0.5 ml, intramuscularly on 08 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this medication error."
"Case number PHEH2015US020166, is an initial spontaneous report received from a healthcare professional on 07 Oct 2015. This report refers to an 85 years old female patient. Past medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. She was vaccinated with expired FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1413901 and expiry date: not reported) at a dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly on 06 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this administration error."
"Case number PHEH2015US020167, is an initial spontaneous report received from a healthcare professional (medical assistant) on 07 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 71-year-old male patient. Past medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. He was vaccinated with expired FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1413901 and expiry date: not reported) at a dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly on 06 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this administration error."
"Case number PHEH2015US020944, is an initial spontaneous report received from a medical assistant on 14 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 3 year old male patient. Medical history and concomitant medication was not reported. The patient received the FLUVIRIN (batch number: 15733P) intramuscular in error. No adverse event was reported following the maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US020168, is an initial spontaneous report received from a healthcare professional (medical assistant) on 07 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 66-year-old male patient. Past medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. He was vaccinated with expired FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1413901 and expiry date: not reported) at a dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly on 06 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this administration error."
Case number PHEH2015US020294 is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 60 years old male patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient received FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) 0.5 ml intramuscular on 07 Oct 2015. It was reported that the patient received FLUVIRIN MDV that was out of temperature range at 47F before administration. No adverse event was reported.
"Case number PHEH2015US020963, is a combined initial and follow up spontaneous report received from a nurse on 15 Oct 2015 and on 20 Oct 2015, respectively. This report refers to a 49 year old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1413101) intramuscularly on 13 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US020295, is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to 54 year old female patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not provided. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) intramuscularly at a dose of 0.5 ml on 07 Oct 2015. It was reported that before administration the vaccine was stored out of temperature range at 47 degree Fahrenheit. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US020296, is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 56 years old female patient. Past medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. She was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) at a dose of 0.5 ml, intramuscularly on 07 Oct 2015 that was out of temperature range at 47 Fahrenheit. No adverse event was reported following this medication error."
"Swelling under eyes, face, feet, belly."
"Case number PHEH2015US020297, is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 28 year old female patient. Past medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) at a dose of 0.5 ml, intramuscularly on 07 Oct 2015. Nurse reported that the administered FLUVIRIN vaccine was stored out of temperature range at 47 F. No adverse event was reported following this medication error."
"Case number PHEH2015US020299, is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 44 year old female patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not provided. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) intramuscularly at a dose of 0.5 ml on 07 Oct 2015. It was reported that the patient was administered with FLUVIRIN vaccine which was stored out of 47 Fahrenheit temperature. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
Case number PHEH2015US020301 is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 08 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 55 year old male patient. Past medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. He was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515701) at a dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly on 07 Oct 2015. The nurse reported that the patient was administered FLUVIRIN multi dose vial (MDV) that was in out of temperature range at 47 degree Fahrenheit. No adverse events were reported following the maladministration.
"Persistent discomfort in left arm at site of immunization, now almost three months after the injection.  No redness, swelling or induration.  Pain increases when the arm is used or elevated above head."
Case number PHEH2015US022290 is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 29 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 3 and a half year old male patient. Past medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was inadvertently vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1515401) multi dose vial (MDV) intramuscularly on 29 Oct 2015. No adverse events were reported following the maladministration.
"Case number PHEH2015US022214, is an initial spontaneous report from a medical assistant received on 28 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 24 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was administered with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 158403) intramuscular on 28 Oct 2015. After vaccination the vaccine ran back out of the injection site and down the patient arm. No adverse event was reported."
"Case number PHEH2015US020038, is an initial spontaneous report from a nurse received on 06 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 2-year-old female patient. Historical conditions were not reported. No concomitant medication was reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 158105) intramuscularly on 06 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported."
"Case number PHEH2015US020110, is an initial spontaneous report received from a consumer (patient) on 07 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 60 years old female patient. Historical condition and concomitant medication were not provided. Her vaccination history included administration of influenza vaccine (manufacturer and batch number: not reported) with no problems. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: unknown) intramuscularly on 05 Oct 2015. Later that evening the patient experienced pain in left foot arch; redness in foot, ankles and hands; swelling of ankles, hands and knuckles. Further the patient experienced low grade fever. The patient got his uric acid levels tested at physician's office and those levels did not indicate gout. Final outcome of the events were unknown. The seriousness and causality of the events were not reported."
"Case number PHEH2015US020165, is an initial spontaneous report received from a healthcare professional on 07 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 71 years old female patient. Past medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. She was vaccinated with expired FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1413901 and expiry date: not reported) suspension intramuscularly at a dose of 0.5 ml on 06 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following the administration error."
"Left arm sore and stiff, temperature 101 degrees.  Seen by Private Physician. Treated with Antibiotic for seven days."
"Felt I had the flu which I thought was normal given I had the vaccine, however when I began to have small bumps on my eyebrow, chin, cheek and mouth area my first response was aged acne until I began to itch and rubbed my left side and felt a circular rash."
"Red itchy eyes, face swollen, throat hoarse."
"This case was reported by a consumer via call center representative and described the occurrence of iron decreased in a 16-year-old male patient who received FLUARIX. Previously experienced adverse reactions included tremor, nausea, anxiety, numbness and tingling (after receiving FLUARIX vaccine in Oct 2014, refers case US2016018245). Previously administered products included Flu vaccine (non-GSK vaccine received prior to 2014 without experiencing any adverse events). Concurrent medical conditions included esophageal acid reflux and pineal gland cyst (since birth). Concomitant products included MENINGITIS VACCINE, omeprazole and vitamin D nos. In October 2015, the patient received FLUARIX (intramuscular). In November 2015, 30 days after receiving FLUARIX, the patient experienced nausea, anxiety, numbness of extremities, tingling feet/hands and panic attack. On an unknown date, the patient experienced iron decreased. The patient was treated with iron. In December 2015, the outcome of the nausea, anxiety, numbness of extremities, tingling feet/hands and panic attack were recovered/resolved. On an unknown date, the outcome of the iron decreased was not recovered/not resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the iron decreased, nausea, anxiety, numbness of extremities, tingling feet/hands and panic attack were recovered/resolved. On an unknown date, the outcome of the iron decreased was not recovered/not resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the iron decreased, nausea, anxiety, numbness of extremities, tingling feet/hands and panic attack to be related to FLUARIX. Additional details were provided as follows: This case was previously reported to a doctor. This case was reported by the patient's grandmother. In 2015, the patient also had  meningitis vaccine along with flu vaccine, but the reporter thought the patient only had flu vaccine in 2014. The reporter did not know which GLAXOSMITHKLINE flu vaccine the patient received. In November 2015, approximately 1 month after receiving the vaccine, the patient experienced nausea, anxiety, numbness and tingling in hands and feet, and panic attack (same symptoms occurred after vaccinated in October 2014 except the tremors). The patient had a total of 2 panic attacks that required a visit to the emergency room (ER) between November 2015 and December 2015. The patient sometimes had more minor symptoms that subsided without medical attention. This year the symptoms were more concentrated on the patient's right side. In 2015, the patient underwent laboratory test such as Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Electroencephalogram (EEG) and Computerized tomogram (CT), but all that was found was a cyst on the patient's pineal gland that was thought to be benign and something he was born with. Since December 2015, the patient did not experience any event. At the time of reporting, the patient had started having low iron levels."
I don't remember the exact date or time. General weakness in right arm especially when twisting or lifting it. No treatment. I am just waiting for it to feel better. I doesn't yet.
Case number PHEH2015US022832 is an initial spontaneous report received from a health care professional on 05 Nov 2015 and from the health care professional on the same date (combined report). This report refers to a 64 year old male patient. Past medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with an expired 0.5 ml dose of FLUVIRIN (batch number: 145004) intramuscularly on 04 Nov 2015. The case was reported as non-serious. No adverse events were reported following the maladministration.
"Case number PHEH2015US022799, is an initial spontaneous report from a health care professional received on 04 Nov 2015. This report refers to a 46 years old male patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were unknown. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 158204) at a dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly on 02 Nov 2015. It was reported that the patient received vaccine that had been stored at 8.2 degrees Fahrenheit overnight before administration. The case was assessed as non-serious. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
"Case number PHEH2015US020610, is an initial spontaneous report received from a nurse on 13 Oct 2015. This report refers to a 30 year old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with an expired dose of FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1412701) at a dose of 0.5 ml, intramuscularly on 08 Oct 2015. No adverse event was reported following this medication error."
"Case number PHEH2015US022798, is an initial spontaneous report from a health care professional received on 04 Nov 2015. This report refers to a 36 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were unknown. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 158204) at a dose of 0.5 ml intramuscularly on 02 Nov 2015. It was reported that the patient received vaccine that had been stored at 8.2 degrees Fahrenheit overnight before administration. The case was assessed as non-serious. No adverse event was reported following this maladministration."
Documented vaccines were exact duplications of vaccinations that patient received at medical center prior to admission to medical center where duplicate vaccines were given prior to discharge. Influenza vaccination given on 09/25/2015 and PREVNAR 13 given on 06/25/14 at medical center. Patient is not known to have suffered any adverse reactions to duplicate vaccination with both influenza and PREVNAR 13.
Pt states has developed bursitis as result of flu vaccine.
Flu vaccine given 10-5-15 to upper (L) shoulder. Continue pain with decreased mobility. Started on NAPROXYN (not effective; now on CELECOXIB and VOLTAREN 1% gel). Have had x-ray's; MRI done 2-4-16...to see ortho MD 2-10-16...
"I am not sleeping due to the pain in my upper arm, chronic musle aching, reduced range of motion of my right arm, dull ache."
Arm was incredibly painful the same night. It felt stiff and it hurt to move it. This continued for a few days. Thought my bicep was going to explode.
"8/21/15- Influenza injection given in rt. shoulder, I knew immediately that it was given too high (I am a nurse). Injection stung as given, shoulder became very sore, stiff and movements (especially crossing midline) became very painful over the course of next few days, interfering with sleep and ADL. Took Aleve, kept thinking it would improve.  When it did not, I emailed Dr. to notify her and ask for direction. She referred me to orthopedic MD with shoulder specialty. Appointment was 9/21/15. Exam and Xray done. Xray was not significant. Exam significant for rotator cuff type injury, cortisone injection given and PT prescribed. Significant relief after cortisone injection. Went to PT x 5 sessions. Felt better, some continued discomfort with movements over midline, but able to sleep and do most activities with little/no discomfort. 12/10/2015 - Return of shoulder discomfort symptoms. Notified Dr. and orthopedic. Saw orthopedic. Symptoms present as noted above. PT prescribed x 3 with recommendation to return if not significant improvement after 3 PT. Return to orthopedic 2/2/16 after no significant improvement from PT. Recommendation for MRI with contrast. 2/8/2016 MRI with contrast done, right shoulder. 2/12/2016 Received call from orthopedic. Orthopedic reported that MRI showed """"some significant tears in rotator cuff"""". Orthopedic recommended referral to shoulder surgeon. This appointment has not been scheduled as of yet. Awaiting phone call from this office."""""
"Hives on Face, neck, elbows, hands, ears. Swollen eyes. Extremely itchy Pruritis."
"Pt reports having severe cold like symptoms that started immediately after his influenza vaccine that he received last week. Had fever, cough and body aches which lasted several days. He also c/o having severe soreness in the left arm and is now unable to move the shoulder due to pain. Denies having rash or anaphylactic symptoms. He has since improved but still is having productive cough and left shoulder impairment. Musculoskeletal - abnormal exam of left shoulder; unable to fully examine due to Pain. TTP focal at origin of the biceps tendon. TENDINITIS OF LEFT BICEPS TENDON. Note: Unclear if this was related to the vaccine or not. He looks like he may have a frozen shoulder vs biceps tendonitis. He declines any nsaids or PT. Agreeable to icing only."
I have extreme pain in upper left arm some time after Flu shot given at pharmacy. I can't remember the onset but I have a text on Oct 17 telling my sister about the pain in my upper arm where I got the Flu shot. She found other people suffered from same symptoms on internet. Doctor had x rays of neck done. Two doctors said it was from nerves coming from my neck. One prescribed physical therapy. I'm still having pain in the muscles and shoulder.
Upper arm & shoulder pain that has never gone away in three months. Also loss in range of motion in arm as well.
"Shot received 9/26/2015. Patient says arm has hurt ever since, almost 5 months has trouble sleeping at night because of pain."
"Pain at injection site, (right arm) ever since date of immunization. Employee states he was seen by his primary care doctor on 1/8/16 and has been treating the arm pain with cold compress and ibuprofen as advised by his primary care physician."
"Patient reports numbness and pain occurred in left arm shortly after vaccination and continues to present, however was not reported to pharmacist until 2/16/2016.  Patient has yet to visit her physician to determine what may be the problem."
"That night on 10/19/15, the day I received the flu shot in my left arm, my left arm was painful and appeared red and swollen for next 2 weeks. It was difficult to sleep on the left side û awakened during the night by pain until this very day. I also couldnÆt even put arm under pillow. Perhaps most disturbing is that the next day I had very limited range of motion with my left arm.  Specifically, on 10/20/15, I was unable to lift my left arm at to the side more than a few inches, and I was also unable to lift my left arm to the front of my body more than a few inches. The pain in my shoulder became worse over the next few months (Very painful about 6 out of 10).  The pain was initially like a toothache û deep inside arm. Jan 8, 2016- Still same problem with limited range of motion; New symptom of numbness/tingling in area between elbow and wrist, which made doing my job as a college professor difficult (e.g., hard to type û need to take breaks). Weakness in arm û feels heavy û ôtired arm.ö On Jan 19, 2016 I went for a for muscular-skeletal ultrasound, and on Jan 21, 2016 I had an appointment with an orthopedic surgeon who diagnosed me with rotator cuff tendonitis with calcium deposits, and I received a cortisone shot that day.  Although the cortisone shot lessened the pain for a few weeks, I currently have worse pain prior to receiving the shot, and I am left with the same restriction of motion (i.e., inability to move my left arm out to the side more than few inches, and inability to move my left arm to the front more than a few inches; otherwise I am in pain).  It is difficult and painful to put my left arm in a jacket, I can't put my left arm behind my back, and pushing on a soap dispenser or opening a door with my left arm is painful.  These are current symptoms that I still have since receiving the flu shot on 10/19/15."
Patient was administered PROQUAD vaccine (MMRV) instead of MMR vaccine. No s/s or tx noted/given.
The injection area formed a sore like area which formed a deep scab about an inch in diameter. The color was purplish.
"Upon second medical examination of the case during internal review, a significant correction performed on 3 February 2016 to update product screen, event screen, assessment screen and company narrative. Initial unsolicited report received from a pharmacist via other company (Merck) on 3 December 2015. Manufacturing report number: 1-14146974439. That report is from a Partner and contact information in based upon the location of our trading partner. This case involves a 72-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Fluzone high dose (batch number, expiration date, dose, dose number and route of administration were not reported) and a dose of Pneumovax 23 (batch number, expiration date, dose, dose number and route of administration were not reported) both in same arm on 22 September 2015. The patient's medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. On 22 September 2015, same day following the vaccination, the patient develpoed unspecified reaction from shoulder to elbow on the unspecified arm that the patient received the Pneumovax 23 and Fluzone high dose. Laboratory investigation was not reported. The patient was treated with unspecified steroids. The outcome of the event was not reported. List of documents held by sender: none. Addendum 3 February 2016: Upon second medical examination of case at time of internal review, the following has been modified in this case: Administration site updated as arm. Manufacturer updated as Merck for PNEUMOCOCCAL (POLYSACCHARIDE) (23 SEROTYPES) VACCINE. Reaction site updated as shoulder to elbow. Required ER/Doctor Visit marked as """"Y"""". Medically confirmed changed from """"C"""" to blank. Corrective treatment updated in company narrative."""""
Client reports having rash all over his body that lasted for 3 weeks.
"5 hours after injection sore arm; 10pm that same night could not move arm.  Saw PCP after Christmas who ordered MRI.  Showed inflammation and patient started physical therapy.  On 2/18/16, patient saw an orthopedic surgeon who evaluated patient and stated no tares, but extreme inflammation of upper arm/rotator cuff area most likely due to flu shot given too high in arm."
"sweated so much her nightclothes and bedding were wet. Case Narrative: Based on additional information received on 01 February 2016, this case become medically confirmed. Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 21-Dec-2015. This case involves a 67-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with an intramuscular first dose of Fluzone HD (batch number: UI460AA, expiry date: 05-MAY-2016) in right deltoid on 14-Dec-2015. Previous medications included seasonal standard Flu vaccine (unspecified date) and never had a reaction, experinced reaction (swelling from her shoulder to her neck which lasted about 2 week) after tetanus vaccine several years ago on unspecified dates. Illness at time of vaccination was reported not reported and medical conditions of patient included history of fibromyalgia. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 15-Dec-2015, at about 1:30 am one day after vaccination, the patient woke up and could not move head off pillow and could not move her right side. Which lasted for 40 minutes and then she was able to move her right side and turn and get up but was stiff throughout her whole body.The patient also experienced sweating and her nightclothes and bedding was wet. On an unspecified date after vaccination the patient experienced events flare up of fibromyalgia, sore and tiredness and did not feel good for all week and felt nauseaous. She felt her head was too big for her neck and difficult to hold head up. On an unspecified day after vaccination the patient also experienced red knot size of thumb and forefinger together. The patient did not visit physician. No Laboratory investigations were reported. Corrective treatments were not reported. It was reported that on an unspecified day the event red knot size of thumb and forefinger and mobility decreased was resolved. The outcomes of all other events were reported as not recovered. Follow up information received from pharmacist on 01 February 2016. Batch number and expiry date of Fluzone HD was updated as UI427AA and 28 March 2016. On an unknown date, following the vaccination the patient had experienced tender to touch at vaccination site. The patient did not receive any corrective treatment. It was reported that, the knot was on the underside of arm and not on the where the patient received a shot. On an unknown date, the patient recovered from the tender to touch. Documents held by sender: none."
"Chronic muscle aching mid-deltoid, moderate weakness and reduced range of motion in upper arm, dull ache affecting sleep due to pain in upper arm and elbow. Treatment in PT three times a week, beginning Jan 4, 2016 and continuing to date."
"Pain on lifting left arm, constant pain upper left arm, pain behind left shoulder, pain in shoulder joint, pain in left elbow, tingling in fingers of left hand."
"Arm, at site of injection throbbing. Eventually all deltoid muscle involved as well as in the back. General malaise, feeling of not being well."
Sore bicep and elbow.
Pain in upper arm and limited range of motion; currently performing self-prescribed exercises but still experiencing pain.
"Swollen at injection area, red, pain dull ache, tingling - limited range of motion, sore - physical therapy assigned."
"Severe headache - after 2 PM, 10/11/15 - to present off and on. Severe faint feeling, severe dizziness - after 2 PM, 10/11/15 - to present - off and on daily. Severe nausea - after 2 PM, 10/11/15 - to present - off and on. Severe weakness - after 2 PM, 10/11/15. Palpitation - on and off, started 10/12/15 AM to present - slow to very slow off and on daily. Severe pains and tingling - feet, toes, limbs, ankle, legs, arms, hands, fingers, back, torso, lower bodice - to present - off and on, daily. Shaking and tremors - 2 days after - to present, off and on."
"The patient is a 4 year, 11 month old female who presents with a complaint of Rash. The patient is accompanied to the office visit today by their mother, The rash has been occurring for 1 day(s). The rash is present at the abdomen, back and elbow. Symptoms of the rash have included itching. Note for """"Rash"""" Note: Patient comes for a rash since last night. The rash was discovered because of itches. She has no fever and her appetite is decreased. There has been no vomiting or diarrhea. She has a runny nose and a cough."""""
"This is a spontaneous report obtained from two contactable pharmacists. A 76-year-old female patient received PREVNAR 13 (Lot M69971, Expiration date: Jul2017, NDC number: 00005197105) on 17Dec2015 at 11:46 A.M., in right arm, at 0.5 ml, single dose; and second dose of FLUVIRIN (Lot 1515101, Expiration date: May2016, NDC number: 66521011810) intramuscular, in right arm, on 17Dec2015, at 0.5 ml, single dose. The vaccines were administered at pharmacy and were purchased with private funds. No illness was noted at time of vaccination. No antipyretics were administered prior to vaccination. Relevant medical history included ongoing high blood pressure (diagnosed years before this report, prior to age 65), ongoing gout (diagnosed at least 4 years before this report), blood clots (diagnosed 4 or 5 years before this report, developed after knee and hip surgery, 3 blood clots in her lung, one blood clot in her leg), ongoing fluid retention (diagnosed prior to age 65), ongoing degenerative back pain (diagnosed prior to age 65), knee operation (done 4 or 5 years before this report), hip surgery (done 4 or 5 years before this report), pain (ongoing), neuropathy (ongoing), and osteoporosis (ongoing). The patient previously received, on an unspecified date, the first dose of FLUVIRIN and influenza vaccine (every year). Concomitant medications included ongoing furosemide, 80 mg twice a day by mouth, for fluid retention; ongoing levothyroxine 75 mcg once a day by mouth, for her thyroid; ongoing vitamin D, 5000 IU, every other week by mouth; ongoing allopurinol, 300 mg once a day by mouth, for gout prevention; ongoing oxycodone hydrochloride, paracetamol, 10-325mg, one tablet every 6 hours by mouth, for pain; ongoing KLOR-CON 20 mEq, 1 tablet twice a day by mouth, for potassium replacement; ongoing LYRICA, 150 mg twice a day by mouth, for neuropathy (for damaged nerves after surgery); ongoing carvedilol, 25 mg, one tablet twice a day by mouth, for heart rate and high blood pressure; ongoing warfarin, 2 mg once a day by mouth, as blood thinner; ongoing alendronate sodium, 70 mg weekly by mouth, for osteoporosis; and ongoing omeprazole 40 mg once a day by mouth, for stomach acid reduction. The patient experienced redness on her arm on an unspecified date, pain/pain under her arm (the pain went into her armpit) on 17Dec2015 (2 to 3 hours after vaccination), pain at injection site on 23Dec2015, and splotchy redness around injection site about the size of a softball on 23Dec2015. The redness is splotchy and not an exact circle. The patient was diagnosed with cellulitis in her arm and prescribed antibiotics. The events required an emergency room or doctor visit. No hospitalization required. The patient recovered from the events at time of this report. Patient has had the influenza vaccine every year and has not had any reactions to it, so they were assuming the events were due to the pneumococcal vaccine. Follow-up (08Feb2016): New information from the contactable pharmacist includes: reaction data (cellulitis of arm added as additional adverse event), case seriousness changed from non-serious to serious and patient's clinical course. Follow-up attempts completed. No further information expected."
Pt had a mild injection site reaction and suffered flu-like symptoms for 48 hours post injection. Symptoms had fairly rapid onset. Pt informed me on 2/16/16.
One shot in right arm for flu and pneumonia pain in right when lying on left arm - need to change to right side to relieve pain - pain continues as of 03-11-15.
Patient came in today stating she has arm pain from her flu shot given 3 months ago. It has not gotten better and is affecting movement and sleep.
Pt states that she has had excruciating pain in the left arm that the flu shot was given since the shot and nothing her Dr has done for her has helped. She also stated that she knows it wasn't staff's fault.
"Patient received vaccine on 9/29/15. She returned to the pharmacy on the second week of January stating that since the injection, she has had arm pain when moving or bending her arm. She consulted a physician who speculated that the needle hit a muscle fiber. She is currently undergoing physical therapy. (Right arm)."
"Patient states painful and sore arm with a knot at site of injection; limited range of motion. Patient states occurred shortly after injection.  Went to doctor on 11/20/15, at which time doctor told patient to take ibuprofen and use hot compress to alleviate pain.  Patient called me on 12/3/15 stating the above and that it does not seem to be getting better; she will call with update.  I called doctor on 2/15/16 to see if any follow-up had been done by patient.  Spoke to person who states patient called still complaining of pain and limited range of motion due to vaccination.  Dr. has referred patient to Physical Medicine Specialist at this time.  Dr's office will inform us of any outcome."
Pain in left arm. Did not go away.
Intense pain upon initial vaccination. Subsequent pain and discomfort for approx 10 weeks following vaccination. All pain in shoulder area (deltoid).
"Headache, malaise (expected); developed eye pain, localized to left eye; saw ophthalmologist, no dx on 10/28/15. Developed shingles rash, blistering scalp, forehead, nose, around left eye by 11/3/15 saw PCP and ophthalmologist again, Dx rx - 7 days valacyclovir. PCP 11/3 3 dr visits: 10/28/15 and 11/3/15 and consulted w/neurologist 11/3/15."
"Received Influenza vac split quad susp. 0.5ml in right deltoid. Became swollen, felt warm to touch, swollen and very sore from elbow to clavicle neck area. Rec'd inj on 9/25/2015 -> present - site is still sore and stiff from elbow to shoulder."
"High heat at injection site, soreness of whole upper arm, swelling of whole upper arm."
"Based on additional information received on 19 January 2016, this case became medically confirmed. Initial unsolicited report received from non-healthcare professional on 23 October 2015. This case involves a 66-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Fluzone HD (batch number: UI458AA, expiration date: 24 April 2016, dose, dose number and route were not reported) in left arm on 16 October 2015. The patient's medical history includes allergy of spinach, kale and marijuana and the patient had previously received vaccination with Fluzone HD which was well tolerated. Patient's concomitant medication was not reported. On 16 October 2015 same day following the vaccination, the patient experienced reddened, hot to touch, area with burning sensation extended to below her elbow of her left arm. Then the red, hot to touch, burning sensation extended to below her elbow to wrist and her elbow was very swollen and skin felt hard. Then over next few days her right arm also became red, hot to touch, swollen, and same burning sensation from her upper arm to her wrist. The patient required ER/doctor visit. Laboratory investigations were not reported. The patient received Benadryl as a corrective treatment. The outcome of the events were not recovered. Patient's arms were much less hot with burning sensation, stated """"almost back to normal"""", although skin still feels rough. As of 23 October 2015, the swelling and redness had resolved. List of documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from a health care professional on 19 January 2016. It was reported that patient had a medical history of tobacco use disorder -1/2 ppd since 10 years of age, back pain due to work related injury, depression, asthma, RT torn rotator cuff, overweight. Patient had concomitant medications of aspirin lite coat 325 mg tablet 1 tablet once a day, Cymbalta 60 delayed release capsule taken one capsule by mouth every day, albuterol sulfate CFC free 90mcg/inh aerosol 2 puffs q4h prn, Ambien 10 mg tablet 1 tab qhs prn insomnia, chondroitin- glucosamine 1500/1200 mg 2 tabs once a day, lorazepam 0.5 mg tablet 1 tab TID prn, hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg capsule 1 cap once a day, Soma 350 mg tablet 1 tab QID, Norco 325 mg-7.5 mg tablet 1 tab every 6 hours prn, Ambien 10 mg tab 1 tab qhs prn insomnia on 16 October 2015. It was also reported that patient received dose 1 of 0.5 ml of FLUZONE HD vaccine and had allergic reaction and her arm was red and swollen by the afternoon of 16th October 2015. Patient was treated with refill soma tablet 350 mg, 1 tab, orally, QID, 30 days, 120 tablets, refill gave 3 rx's, refill Norco tablet, 325 mg-7.5 mg, 1 tab, orally, every 6 hours prn, 30 days, 90, refills gave 3 rx's."""""
"Pain was immediate after administration of injection. Injection was administered to the back of the upper left arm by a an unsupervised nursing student. I have weakness, constant pain on upper left arm and left shoulder.   I have limited range of motion of left arm and shoulder. I have received physical therapy but no relief.  Currently on Gabapentin for possible nerve damage to injected arm."
"Arm became very sore, but not the usual soreness from past flu shots, within two hours.  The first injection given malfunctioned so the nurse repeated it a bit higher on the arm.  The shoulder was very sore and it radiated down the arm to the elbow."
"14 days after vaccines, onset of right shoulder and right wrist joint pain of moderate-severe intensity. Noted left shoulder joint pain also but not as intense. 3 months later, wrist pain gone but right shoulder pain continues but not as intense."
"Employee had gone for routine physical and blood work and CBC showed a low platelet count of 45. Has followed by hematologist and suspicion of reaction to flu vaccination. Reviewed CBC results annually from 3/21/2011 - 4/18/2014 and Platelets were between 186-224 range. Had received flu vaccine in the past 2010-2013 received thimerosal-free without any problem. 2014 received a regular flu vaccine on 9/23/2014, however her CBC record in 2014 was from 4/18/2014 that showed normal platelets. CBC was done prior to the flu vaccination in 2014."
"Initial unsolicited report received from consumer on 10-Oct-2016. This case is linked to case 2016SA027253, 2016SA027286. This case involves a 69-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of INFLUENZA USP TRIVAL A-B HIGH DOSE SUBVIRION VACCINE (FLUZONE HD) (batch number, expiry date site of administration were not reported) intramuscularly in left deltoid on 16-Oct-2015. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 17-Oct-2015, four hours following the vaccination patient experienced lethargic and could not move, could not ambulate, and weakness. Laboratory investigation was not reported. Corrective treatment was not reported. The outcome of event was not reported. List of documents held by sender: none."
We are filing this report since state specific policies show that PNEUMOVAX 23 should be administered due to the age of the patient. The patient does not present any adverse event.
"Severe upper arm pain, felt like hit funny bone after reaching around and hugging another individual. Severe pain upper arm with decreased ability to move freely, pain, weakness left arm."
"Cough during night fever, treatment in hospital emergency room of cruise ship. Treated with IV, drugs."
No adverse event reported this was a second dose of Zostavax.
Patient broke out in hives on 11/21/15 after MMR and Varicella given on 11/18/15. Influenza PF also given on 11/18/15. (12 months).
Severe pain in arm. Could not raise arm for over a month after the vaccine was given.
Very sore arm and shoulder in area of flu shot injection. More painful as hours and days and weeks went on. Can't move my right arm past 90 degrees from my side with out pain. Pain wakes me up every night since 10-16-15.
Sore arm shoulder. Stiffness neck stiff. Unable to left arm at times.
"Rash on back of neck, legs and redness of ears little on face. Patient took BENADRYL and its reducing rash."
"Needle injury. My husband and I went together to get our annual Flu shots. We noticed the pharmacist seemed clumsy while getting out supplies, but didn't know there could be a serious problem since we had never had problems with a vaccine before. The pharmacist gave me a shot first. It felt like he had done it too hard. Then he gave my husband a shot and blood was dripping down my husband's arm and the pharmacist was slow to do anything about it. When someone has been well trained or has lot of experience their movements are smooth and quick. They have the cotton ball ready to go and the bandaid, but he was klutzy. My arm hurt then but I thought it would go away in a couple of days. Instead it kept hurting so I took some OTC pain pills. Then I noticed that certain movements of my left arm (where the shot was given) hurt so much I stopped making those movements. Straight movements were ok but nothing to the side or back or up, as when putting my hair in a ponytail. I couldn't pick up my toddler grandkids anymore. I now wear shirts that button down the front because it hurts too much to put my arm thru a sleeve with an upwards and sideways motion. When I would roll onto my left side in bed it hurt, and I am a left-side sleeper. This keeps waking me up throughout the night. After 2 months of thinking it would get better on its own, thinking if he had hit a nerve there wouldn't be much that could be done anyway, I did some Internet research and found that it has been given a name: SIRVA. I read accounts of women who experienced what I was going through. I still gave it a few more weeks since some of the women said nothing had helped. Then with the pain still bad and certain movements very painful I went to see my primary care doctor. We ruled out a blood clot with an ultrasound, then after a second visit also did an xray of the left humerus, then an MRI of the humerus. This MRI showed degenerative changes of the shoulder so I then had an MRI of the shoulder. The MRI of the shoulder showed a partial thickness tear of the supraspinatus tendon. At time at my desk job I have pain up and down my arm, and I avoid the movements that are very painful. I take 5 ALEVE a day. If I don't take ALEVE even just holding my arm straight I can feel pain, sometimes a deep ache. I have to try to put my arm on an extra pillow in a certain way to try to get sleep. I use heat daily to help with the discomfort and have iced the upper arm/shoulder a few times also. A friend who is a physical therapist showed me 2 exercises/stretches to do telling me I couldn't stop using my shoulder completely or it would be even worse. I have now scheduled an appointment with an orthopedist. I don't know if I will eventually need surgery or not. This all started with the Flu shot. It was not the vaccine; it was his use of the needle. In one of the article I read it mentioned that most of the people this has happened to are women who are not very big. I weight 125 lbs. Articles about this state that the pain can last for months or years."
"Sore arm, within a week it hurt to extend the arm--not in shoulder joint, but upper arm, 2/22/2016, arm still hurts to move but entire upper arm turned red with several splotches.  Also had two large boils on same arm in January 2016.  Antibiotic cured one."
"Adverse effect of vaccines and biological substances, init on 2015-10-07."
"POST NASAL DRIP, SORE THROAT, COUGH."
"Within in the hour of flu vaccination, patient reported feeling nauseous, shaky and throat feeling tight. Administration nurse gave 50mg im Benadryl in vaccination arm.  Ambulance was called and patient was transported to ER.  I attempted to contact the patient on numerous occasions for follow up.  She did not respond to my calls."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a Physician on 10 February 2016. This Case Linked with 2016SA027336 (same reporter). This case involves a 75-year-old male patient who was vaccinated with an intramuscular dose of Fluzone (batch number UI430AA (invalid lot number), expiration date, dose, dose in series was not reported) in left deltoid on 28 October 2015. Illness at time of vaccination and Pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions was reported as unknown. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 29 October 2015, one day following the vaccination, the patient experienced an erythematous area at the injection site on left deltoid. The redness was lessened at the end of the day. It returned the next day and could not be relieved. The redness spread down the arm into the elbow and the elbow joint was sore.The elbow and the bicep were sore. The arm was still sore and it interfered with his sleep. It was reported that patient received many previous doses. Patient required emergency room or doctor visit. Lab data and corrective treatments were not reported. The patient was not recovered from events. List of documents held by sender: none."
"Red, swollen area, hot area."
Not aware of it. Patient didn't present themselves at the pharmacy.
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable physician via a sales representative. A 16-year-old male patient received TRUMENBA at 0.5 ml single in the right arm, human papilloma virus (HPV) at 1 DF single in the right arm, Flu vaccine at 1 DF single in the left arm, all via an unspecified route of administration on 20Nov2015. The patient medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 21Nov2015, the patient experienced fever 101 degrees F, muscle pain and body ache with outcome of unknown. Follow up (07Dec2015): New information reported included: vaccination site for HPV and Flu vaccine changed. Follow-up (30JAN2016): Follow-up attempts completed. No further information expected."
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable nurse via a Pfizer sales representative. A 18-year-old female patient of an unspecified ethnicity received first dose of TRUMENBA (Lot# J28923, Exp date 30Jun2016), intramuscular in the left arm, on 28Dec2015 at 11:00 am, at 0.5 ml single. Relevant medical history was not reported. Concomitant medication included second dose of Flu vaccine (Lot# U5321AB), intramuscular in left arm, at 0.5 ml, on 28Dec2015. Previously the patient received first dose of influenza vaccine. On 28Dec2015, the patient experienced very pale, fainted approximately 10 minutes post vaccination, cognitively out of it, impairment. Also she developed numbness and arm was sore on an unspecified date. The patient underwent lab tests and procedures on 28Dec2015 which included: blood pressure measurement: was ok. The outcome of the events was unknown. The reporter considered that the events were related to TRUMENBA. Follow-up (29Jan2016): New information received from a contactable other health professional on behalf of the nurse includes: vaccination details, concomitant details, past vaccine history, causality assessment. Follow-up attempts completed. No further information expected."
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable nurse. A 17-year-old female patient of an unspecified ethnicity received TRUMENBA, via an unspecified route of administration on 02Dec2015 at 0.5, single and Flu vaccine, via an unspecified route of administration on 02Dec2015 at 0.5 ml. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The nurse stated that the patient did not have any other medical condition and did not underwent any kind of lab work. The patient experienced severe muscle ache of the arms and leg, headache and lower back pain on 02Dec2015. The nurse mentioned that the patient's mother gave her the MOTRIN to the patient as treatment. The outcome of the events was unknown. The nurse believed that these side effects was because of TRUMENBA. Follow-up (16JAN2016): Follow-up attempts are completed. No further information is expected."
"PAIN IN LIFTING MY LEFT ARM, PAIN IN MOVEMENT OF MY LEFT ARM. DIFFCULTY IN WRITING, AND DOING EVERYDAY THINGS, (BATHING, DRIVING, EATING, ETC.) IN NOVEMBER SEVER FLU LIKE SYMPTOMS WHERE THERE I TOOK TIME OFF AND HAVING TO DEAL WITH THE ABOVE ISSUES. MEDICATING FOR PAIN AND FLU LIKE SYMPTOMS WERE TAKING TO HELP COMFORT AND TAKE AWAY THE PAIN AND TO BE AT EASE."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 12 February 2016. This case involves 41-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with injection of Fluzone tiv mdv (batch number not reported) intramuscularly on right deltoid on 28 October 2015. The patient's medical history includes vaccination with many doses of Fluzone tiv mdv vaccine and illness at the time of vaccination was reported as none. Pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions was reported as no known allergy. The patient's concomitant medications were not reported. On 28 October 2015, eight hours following the vaccination, the patient's right arm was on fire, bright red, raised and lumpy. On 29 October 2015 (reported as next day), one day following the vaccination, the patient's arm was very sore and redness was going up to neck and face. It was reported that, the injection was given up to high on deltoid. The patient required ER/doctor visit. Laboratory data was not reported. The patient had received steroids (unspecified) as corrective treatment. The patient was recovered from events (3 weeks) on an unspecified date. List of documents held by sender: none."
Severe ongoing pain in the arm vaccine was given.
Severe ongoing pain in the arm vaccine was given.
I received the vaccine and my left arm was sore and it is still sore today with pain and left arm cannot move it to the back with some pain and cannot lay on the left side either. I have received vaccines for many years and this year it bothers me.
"Developed group of carbuncles (7 locations) on upper back and back of neck approximately 3-5 days after receiving flu vaccine at local pharmacy. Carbuncle lasted for approximately 2 weeks with several breaking surface and becoming painful.  Carbuncles were treated at home and did not require medical attention. Carbuncles were monitored daily by myself for infection and improvement. I have no prior history of carbuncles nor had any since this occurrence. Was active and in good health at time of flu shot, and only received vaccine in anticipation of upcoming business travel and schedule for late December 2015. I do have a photo of carbuncles outbreak that I would like to make part of my adverse report. My history of obtaining the flu shot has been to get a flu shot every 1-3 years and dependent on CDC flu forecast and winter travel plans."
Right shoulder pain and limited motion of right arm.
Chest tightness.
"Pt received vaccine: arm sore next day, gradually worsened to point could not raise arm. Severe muscle pain and weakness on left arm radiating up around neck and down right arm. Pt still experiencing pain and stiffness especially upon arising in AM."
Red blotches all on trunk. No itching but warm to the touch.
"Dizzy and headache Nov. 2; Nov 3: bad headache, shaky, stomach upset, recurrence of upper (R) arm ache which had initially occurred after 2014 flu shot. Nov. 5: sx continue. Tingling (L) foot. Nov 7: awoke and severe pain in hip. Other sx continue. Nov. 8 hip pain improved. Present: (R) arm and (L) arm (2015 site) continue intermittently with pain."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer via other company (Pfizer, reference number 2016066188) on 10-Feb-2016. This case involves a 75-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE (batch number, expiry date, route and site of administration were not reported) on an unspecified date of September 2015. It was reported that, patient had received a flu shot 9 years ago and developed a low grade fever and a rash and her arms and fingers were so swollen she could not move them. As a child patient received penicillin and broke out with a real bad rash, tape allergy and was in the hospital for 9 days after her cesarean delivery. Concomitant medications were not reported. On an unspecified date, following the vaccination patient experienced arm felt like it was going to fall off and a huge hive/rash with a fluid build up that was the size of her hand, hives and itched for 2 or 3 weeks. Patient had no laboratory investigation and corrective treatment were not reported. The outcome of events was recovered. List of documents held by sender: none."
Severe pain in arm radiating to shoulder and back and restricting range of motion. Prednisone plus phys therapy 2xweek thru 1/28/16. Still not resolved.
"Immediate pain, loss of use of right arm. Tingling of nerves arm drops down sometimes. Hard to sleep. Still having symptoms."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a non-healthcare professional on 20-Jan-2016. This case involves a 40-year-old male patient, who was vaccinated with Fluzone (batch number: unknown, dose, dose in series, route and site of administration were not reported) on an unspecified date. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 16-Jan-2016 at 5:00 P.M, unspecified time after vaccination, patient found positive for influenza A virus test. It was reported that the patient required emergency room/doctor visit. Laboratory investigations and corrective treatments were not reported. At the time of this report patient was not recovered from the event. Documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from the non-healthcare professional on 19 February 2016. The patient received a dose of FLUZONE (batch number U5321FA, expiration date 30 Jun 2016) on 22 October 2016. It was reported that the patient did not receive any previous vaccine. The patient did not have any known drug allergy and patient had tonsillectomy in 2001. Upon internal review this case considered as serious due to important medical events: Influenza A virus infection and vaccination failure. On 16 January 2016, two month after vaccination, the patient found positive for influenza A virus and it was a vaccination failure case. Sender's Comments: As with any vaccine, vaccination with INFLUENZA QUADRIVAL A-B VACCINE may not protect 100% of susceptible individuals. In the current case, the patient was tested positive for influenza group A 86 days post vaccination. Additional information regarding infectious work-up results, patient's immune status at the time of vaccination (medical history, concomitant medication), exact chronology with symptoms as well as confirmatory investigation results (details of test method used to confirm specific influenza A strain, e.g. PCR) are needed for complete assessment. Based on the available information, a possible vaccination failure cannot be ruled out."
Redness and swelling at injection site. Nodules.
"Pain day of shot and continued to get worse when moving arm, chronic pain (ongoing) shooting pain. Bad pain at night can't sleep."
"Awoke feeling very dizzy - rapid heart rate, low B.P. after several hours in bed, felt better. Pain at site for approx. 1 wk. Large red spot about 6"""" wide lasting approx 1 mo. Still have some pain and weakness at site."""""
"Onset of pain injection, limited range of motion in right shoulder, pain when doing any movement. MRI results show two tears in my roator cuff resulting from the flu shot. Did cortisone shot and still doing 2-3 times a week of Physical therapy."
"Soon after flu shot, Patient noted to have a """"spot"""" come up on her right shoulder resembling a ringworm. Spot was treated with with antifungal creams x1 month but got bigger. Patient did not complain of itching. New spots noted to come up on patient. Pt taken to her MD's after hours urgent care where she was diagnose with Granuloma Annulare. Pt prescribed steroid cream, which has not helped. Pt has appt with dermatologist this month. At this time, patient has granuloma annulare spots noted to be covering her arms, legs, abdomen, back, buttocks. Pt did not get the """"spots"""" until after receiving the flu shot."""""
"Immediately felt a pop, pain and bubble sensation in shoulder joint. Within 3 hours I had decreased range of motion and it continued to decrease until I hardly any use of left arm without significant pain."
"Sick for two weeks. Severe, constant whole body pain with hot stabbing pain in right LE. Constant headache. Fever, sweating, nausea, loss of appetite, weight loss, vertigo, dizziness, weakness, loss in of hearing in right ear (need hearing aids now - both ears), painful sores & scabs inside nose and all over tongue (ongoing), painful fissures on tongue (ongoing)."
Patient described shoulder pain almost immediately after receiving the vaccine she continued to have pain and could not lift her arm. She had PF and then an MRI.
"Injection site bruising, injection site pain, fatigue, left arm pain."
"Patient reported nerve pain (traveling from injection site down to hands on right arm 2-3 weeks after vaccine), numbness, tingling, soreness."
Patient received flu vaccine went down to pharmacy had a syncopal event. Mom reported it was brief about a second or two pt jerked and vomited. Upon questioning mom she reported patient's sister had seizure similar to this after flu vaccine. Vitals taken within normal range.
"Severe pain in right shoulder few days after vaccine, treated with prednisone for 6 days, referred to orthopedic doctor. He did x-ray and diagnosed me with frozen shoulder and referred me for physical therapy. After 3 weeks of therapy with no improvement, had MRI which showed no problem, then referred for nerve study and diagnosed with Parsonage-Turner syndrome."
Persistent pain immediately after injection unlike prior years flu shots. Pain continuing since injection date and worsening. Pain from 5-10 range with limited range of movement.
Pt was pregnant at time of vaccine and suffered a miscarriage 2 months after. Dr stated the baby stopped growing prior to miscarriage.
"Numbness, tingling, slight burning sensation, and weakness starting with my feet worked its way up into legs and then from the hands into arms. The severity persisted through the night along with body tremors, which was thought to have been due to nervousness. The next morning symptoms of tingling and weakness in arms and legs remained, and have since been present with back pain, heart palpitations, rapid heart beat, and swollen lymph nodes. Some days it is more pronounced than others."
"Severe chills, bone aches, vomiting, body weakness."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer via other company (Pfizer, reference number 2016049535) on 03 February 2016. This case involves a 50-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLU VACCINE (manufacturer unknown, batch number, expiry date, route and site of administration were not reported) on an unspecified date of October 2015. Medical history was not reported and patient other conditions were reported as COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary), Hepatitis C, Thyroid removal, Bipolar disorder, Anxiety disorder, Bursitis, (GERD) Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease, Hysterectomy, Carpal tunnel syndrome and Shingles. Concomitant medications were Xanax (1mg tablet four times daily), Synthroid (50, tablet daily), Requip (4mg tablet three daily), Linzess (145mcg capsule once daily), topiramate (25mg tablet twice daily), hydroxyzine hcl (10mg tablet as needed every 6 hours), B12 injection (1cc injection once a month), Proair hfa (2 puffs every 6 hours), Symbicort (1 puff once daily), Spiriva (1 puff once daily) and albuterol (nebulizer once every 6 hours). On 25 January 2016, following the vaccination patient flu type A and B and also feels like she was about dead. Laboratory investigation and corrective treatment were not reported. The outcome of event was recovering. List of documents held by sender: none."
SIRVA- Pain in shoulder with and without use.  Taking nsaids pain is still occurring.
"Left shoulder pain, pain with ROM, night shoulder pain, unable to move."
50-cent size hard knot and swelling around injection site. Increasing pain and loss of range of motion in left arm in days following. Dr. visit on 11/17/2015 prescribed Prednisone 10mg in a decreasing dose over 6 days between 11/17 through 11/22/15. Some pain relief while on the Prednisone but returned after med. was finished. Dr. visit on 12/1/15 with plan to start Physical Therapy to decrease pain and increase range of motion. Was referred for this and first visit on 1/15/2016 with visits continuing at this time. Have had some decrease of pain but wake up at night with pain in left arm. Have regained some range of motion but not to point of pre-vaccine. Having some loss of sensation in left hand and inability to always maintain a grasp/grip of items picked up.
"Initial unsolicited report received from consumer on 24 February 2016. This case involves a 79-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number and route of administration not reported) in the left deltoid on 26 October 2015. The patient was unsure about previous vaccination with FLUZONE HD vaccine, illness at time of vaccination was reported as none, pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies was reported as seasonal allergy. Birth defects, medical conditions was not reported. The patient's concomitant medications were not provided. On 24 January 2016, two months following the vaccination, the patient had experienced cough, runny nose. The patient was diagnosed with sinusitis and diarrhea. On 25 January 2016, she was tested positive for Influenza B. It was a case of suspected vaccination failure. The patient required ER/doctor visit. Laboratory test included flu swab (unspecified). The patient's received treatment (unspecified). On an unspecified date, the patient recovered from events. Upon internal review the case was considered as serious because of important medical events: suspected vaccination failure and influenza B virus test positive. List of documents held by sender: none. Sender's Comments: This is a case of possible vaccination failure (tested positive for Influenza B) in a 79-year-old female patient after INFLUENZA USP TRIVAL A-B HIGH DOSE SUBVIRION VACCINE. As with any vaccine, INFLUENZA USP TRIVAL A-B HIGH DOSE SUBVIRION VACCINE may not protect a 100% of susceptible individuals. The patient was also diagnosed with Sinusitis and Diarrhea. Laboratory test (Flu swab) was unspecified. Additional information on the tests performed to confirm H1N1 infection would be helpful to further assess this case."
My Left Shoulder and entire arm was filled with intense pain and shooting nerve pain.  I massaged and iced the areas.   I have seen several doctors and am currently in physical therapy.
Joint and muscle pain. Limited arm motion.
"Per physician's note: Had flu shot, fb one week of cough, chills and shakes which kept him home for a week."
Patient experienced severe pain in left arm causing difficulty with tasks such as putting on a jacket and difficulty sleeping at night. Patient trying to treat w/ MOTRIN.
"Next 48 hrs. very painful thru 72 hr, red rash (R) arm spread to under area of arm - recommended for flu and pneumonia given different intervals not together, too debilitating."
"10/19/15 pt called to report shoulder/joint pain. 10/2/15 Hep B vaccine IM right deltoid, 10/3/15 Stated had sore throat for 1 day. 10/5/15 Bilateral shoulder pain hard to raise arm over head. (R) shoulder arm felt weaker. Tired. Sharp pain at Hep B site Sun/Mon. Oct 4th/5th. Has lifted wts."
Developed shingles (VZV PCR (+)) diagnosed 2/29/16. Varicella vaccine administered 12/17/15.
"After receiving my flu and tetanus shots on 9/21/15 I began to develop tenderness and pain in my muscle under my arm - below where vaccinations were administered. This has continued to hurt since vaccination with no relief. The pain is described as an ache and pinch loaded under my right upper arm, where both vaccinations were administered. The pain is a noticeable pain that has bothersome and unchanged since administration. This in no way prohibits me from performing my job duties or ADL."
"Left side of my face red and an ulcerated scab at the injection site, left upper arm. Today my whole face looks like I am a bit sunburned (both cheeks, across my nose). The left TMJ joint is a bit inflamed (just slightly) and my left cheek gums and sinus is uncomfortable (behind my cheekbone). Both cheeks are hot, left cheek a little inflamed."
Sore Arm started and now there is alot of pain and hard to move my arm certain ways.  I feel like I have lost strength in the arm and it wakes me up 3 to 4 times a night.
"Upon internal review on 15-Jan-2016; information about suspect product has been amended. Influenza vaccine was added as an additional company suspect. Based upon the follow up information received from the patient via the patient support program on 17-Dec-2015, the reporter causality was updated from not associated to unknown and company causality was updated from associated to not associated. Based on the follow up information received on 24-Nov-2015 the reporter causality was updated from unknown to not associated and company causality was updated from not associated to associated. Initial information regarding a clinically sponsored solicited case was received on 08-Oct-2015 from a patient via a program. This case concerns an 82 years old male patient who experienced injection site bleeding, lightheaded, abdominal cramping/ stomach cramps, increased bowel movements, upset stomach and muscle pain and soreness on the same day, diarrhea after an unknown duration and face """"broke out with red spots"""" after few months of receiving treatment with PRALUENT and all unspecified time after receiving influenza vaccine. The patient had medical history of heart disease, COPD and asthma. The patient had allergy to NEOSPORIN, iodine, IVP dye and ZYCLARA. Concomitant drugs included IMDUR, PLAVIX, Aspirin and atenolol, all for heart disease. On 24-Sep-2015, the patient received his first injection with alirocumab at a dose of 75 mg every other week subcutaneously (lot/batch number: 5F005AC and expiry date unspecified) for mixed hyperlipidemia, high cholesterol, raised LDL and intermediate coronary syndrome. After first injection, patient stated that he experienced bleeding at the injection site immediately after the injection (date: 24-Sep-2015; latency: same day), lightheaded for 2-3 hours after the injection, abdominal cramping and increased bowel movements for several days after the injection. On 24-Sep-2015 (same day), the patient experienced upset stomach and had muscle pain and soreness to some extent. Upon follow up, it was stated that the patient took alirocumab 03-Dec-2015 and then had influenza vaccine (route, form, dose, frequency, strength, lot/batch number, expiration date and indication not provided). He experienced stomach cramps and on an unknown date in Dec-2015, face """"broke out with red spots"""" and diarrhea for 2 days. Previous alirocumab shot caused mild diarrhea (onset date and latency: unknown) since an unknown date in Dec-2015. Action taken: unknown for influenza vaccine and no action taken for alirocumab. It was not reported if any corrective treatment had been required. Outcome: unknown for abdominal cramping/stomach cramps and face """"broke out with red spots"""", not recovered for muscle pain and soreness and Recovered for all other events. Reporter causality: with alirocumab: not associated for lightheaded, increased bowel movements, injection site bleeding, Unknown for abdominal cramping/stomach cramps, face """"broke out with red spots"""" and diarrhea and not reported for muscle pain and soreness. With influenza vaccine: not reported. Company causality: with alirocumab: associated for injection site bleeding and not associated for all other events. With influenza vaccine: not associated. Additional information was received from the patient via the patient support program on 24-Nov-2015: Height and weight of the patient was added. Medical history, past drugs and allergy history added. Reporter causality was updated from unknown to not associated and company causality was updated from not associated to associated. Indication of alirocumab added as raised LDL. Therapy start date and event onset dates was updated from 23-Sep-2015 to 24-Sep-2015. Clinical course updated and text was updated accordingly. Additional information was received from the patient via the patient support program on 17-Dec-2015: Indications were updated. Event term was updated for abdominal cramping. New events of red blotches and diarrhea were added. Repo"""""
"Initial solicited report received from a Consumer on 24 February 2016. This case involves a male patient (age was not reported) who was vaccinated with dose of Flu Shot (batch number, expiration date, dose, dose in series, route and site of administration was not reported) on an unspecified date and administered with 75 mg subcutaneous dose of PRALUENT (batch number, expiration date, dose in series, site of administration was not reported) on 7 December 2015. It was reported that patient was taking PRALULENT from 7 December 2015 every two weeks. Patient took a flu shot about week after starting PRALUENT. The patient's medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On an unspecified date, following the vaccination, the patient had bronchial stuff and like cold in his chest. It was reported that it was like mild flu but it didn't really bother him. It was also reported that while receiving injection patient got a bruise about size of silver dollar when pinched the skin up but he didn't get bruise when skin didn't pinch. Lab data and corrective treatment were not reported. Outcome of events was reported as unknown. It was reported that patient think it was because of the medication. Upon internal review, the company decided to consider the event serious because of important medical event: bronchial stuff and like a cold in his chest. List of documents held by sender: none. Sender's Comments: This is a poorly documented and non-medically confirmed case. Further information on the vaccination details, time to onset, medical confirmation of the case, lab data confirming the final diagnosis, etc. will be required for complete assessment of this case. Based on the information available, a role of the vaccine cannot be assessed."
Unusual & increasing pain in upper arm with increasingly limited range of motion continuing to this date with some improvement.
"He has complained of muscle pain in his left arm since October. Motion aggravates the pain, slightly relieved with NSAID use."
"A febrile seizure 10 days after VARIVAX, Flu shot and Hepatitis A seen at ER at local hospital."
"October 12, 2015, flu vaccine. On Oct 14 I became very ill, unable to get out of bed for a week. Went to ER for I.V./dehydration at this time my arm and shoulder started aching very badly. This frozen shoulder has never quit hurting."
"This is a spontaneous report from a contactable consumer reporting for herself. This 69-year-old female patient received on 04Dec2015 PREVNAR 13 at single dose and influenza vaccine (manufacturer unknown). Medical history included blood pressure (under control). The patient received an influenza vaccine in Sep2015. Concomitant medications were none. On an unspecified date, the patient experienced dehydration, loss of energy, appetite lost and diarrhea. Reactions were described as follows: The patient reported that she really had a hard time on vaccination. She had to go to ER because she had dehydration and they gave her some fluids there. Blood work was performed on an unspecified date at the hospital and on 01Mar2016, results were not available. Blood work was performed since she had dehydration due to a whole week of diarrhea. She had no energy and no appetite. She thinks too many toxins were there in her body at one time. The patient was not experiencing any side effects right now and on 01Mar2016 was the first day when she felt normal."
"Delirious, fever, sleeping all day, weak. Lost 10 lbs dehydrated. Emergency room after days - hydrated me - chest x-ray - blood work - urine test. Had low grade fever - released me. This lasted a good 2 wks. Then back pain and leg pain - then I couldn't walk."
"Two wks after receiving both Flu shot and TB test x 2, I came down with a very bad sore throat, runny nose, headache and body ache. A rash appeared on my neck dark in color then spread to my underarm area where it's still present."
Pt states rec'd flu shot in right arm. Next day arm sore. Pain never went away pain traveled from shoulder to elbow. Pt primary MD feels rotator cuff issue due to flu shot. Pt scheduled for MRI.
Severe pain in left shoulder and arm.  Limited range of motion of arm.
"This case was reported by a consumer via patient support programs and described the occurrence of vaccination failure in a 78-year-old male patient who received Influenza vaccine. Co-suspect products included ADVAIR Diskus inhalation powder for asthma and emphysema. The patient's past medical history included pneumonia. Concurrent medical conditions included arthralgia multiple (airplane flying accident), emphysema (taking ADVAIR) and asthma (taking ADVAIR). Concomitant products included amlodipine, FLONASE, SINGULAIR, NAPROSYN, PROAIR HFA, Aspirin (Baby) and prednisone. In October 2015, the patient received influenza vaccine (intramuscular). In April 2001, the patient started ADVAIR Diskus (inhaled) 1 puff(s) once daily. In October 2015, an unknown time after receiving influenza vaccine and ADVAIR Diskus, the patient experienced underdose. In November 2015, the patient experienced vaccination failure (serious criteria GSK medically significant), influenza, shivering, difficulty breathing, weight loss, unable to eat, tiredness, diarrhea and vomiting. ADVAIR Diskus was continued with no change. On an unknown date, the outcome of the vaccination failure and underdose were unknown and the outcome of the influenza, shivering, difficulty breathing, weight loss, unable to eat, diarrhea and vomiting were recovered/resolved and the outcome of the tiredness was not recovered/not resolved. The reporter considered the vaccination failure, influenza, shivering, difficulty breathing, weight loss, unable to eat, tiredness, diarrhea and vomiting to be unrelated to influenza vaccine. The reporter considered the influenza, shivering, difficulty breathing, weight loss, unable to eat, tiredness, diarrhea and vomiting to be unrelated to ADVAIR Diskus. Additional details were received as follows: This case was received from the consumer via the vaccine patient assistance program (GlaxoSmithKline Access). In October 2015, the patient received Flu vaccine (unknown manufacturer). In November 2015 (approximately 30 days after vaccination) and December 2015, the patient experienced the flu, with multiple symptoms. Underdose was also reported as an event, it was not clear whether it corresponded to ADVAIR or Flu vaccine and the exact reason for underdose was also not provided. The patient planned to continue follow-up with his physician on an unknown date. The patient believed that the ADVAIR and flu shot (unknown manufacturer) had nothing to do with him experiencing the flu, including the multiple symptoms as listed above. The patient was transferred from GlaxoSmithKline Access. This case was as suspected vaccination failure since the laboratory confirmation of the flu was not available."
"Left deltoid - chronic muscle aching, moderate weakness, reduced range of motion upper arm."
Pain still persists after being administered 9/14/15.
Rash. Seen in ED and given IVP Solumedrol and ranitidine.
"Case number PHEH2016US005850 is an initial spontaneous report received from a consumer who was a physician on 09 Mar 2016. This report refers to a 75 year old male patient. His medical history included Hong Kong flu in 1957. His concomitant medications were not reported. He was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: 1514701) intramuscularly on 03 Sep 2015. In Dec 2015, he developed flu. He stated that he went to visit friends and flew in Dec 2015 and within 8 to 10 days after returning home, he developed a """"text book"""" case of flu with back pain, dry cough and achiness. He recovered from the flu in Dec 2015. The outcome of back pain, dry cough and achiness was not reported. The seriousness of the events was not reported, but the events flu and vaccination failure was upgraded as medically significant based on the information available in the source documents. The causality of the events was not reported."""""
"Initial unsolicited report received from a Consumer on 24 February 2016. This case involves a 50-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with an intramuscular dose of Fluzone (batch number, expiration date, dose, doe in series were not reported) in left deltoid 01 November 2015. Illness at time of vaccination was reported as none and pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions was bunion left foot. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 17 November 2015, 16 days, (reported as two weeks to a month) following the vaccination, the patient experienced pain in the left foot near her bunion, in the joint area her toe. It hurt to wear shoes and the area hurt if you pressed down on it. No redness or swelling noted. It was reported that pain was intermittent sometimes she forgot she had it. Patient was also experiencing the same burning pain in her left hand, middle finger, joint pain. Patient also had soreness and bruising at the injection site for one week. Lab data and corrective treatment was not reported. The patient was recovered from soreness and bruising at injection site. Patient was not recovered from other events. List of documents held by sender: none."
"Sore upper arm, limited mobility of arm, stiffness, unable to sleep due to pain."
Left shoulder pain developed within 2 days of influenza vaccine administration in left arm IM.
"Severe Pain on Injection, progressively worsening shoulder pain with increasingly restricted motion over the next several weeks. Orthopedic surgeon appointment on 11/20/15, had an xray-received a steroid injection into the shoulder joint.  Pain improved for 1-2 weeks and then returned.  Shoulder MRI on 3/7/16 with f/u appointment with orthopedic surgeon on 3/9/16.  Received another steroid injection, surgeon recommended surgery, scheduled PT to begin at the end of the month instead."
"Patient has not contacted us. Daughter states that """"shot was given too high and her arm has not been right since"""". Patient did seek medical treatment."""""
"Patient experienced pain for the first two weeks, which she thought was normal, then kept experiencing pain off and on for the next few months including numbness, heaviness, radiating pain down to her arm.  No knots or bumps were noticed."
"Autonomic dysfunction - orthostatic intolerance, dry eyes, dry mouth, palpitations, tachycardia, malabsorption (loss of documented 40 lbs), gastrointestinal motility dysfunction, low blood pressure, new food intolerance, muscle weakness, erectile dysfunction, low testosterone, sweating dysfunction, panic attacks and numbness/tingling of extremities."
Sore left arm. After one month went to doctor. Limited arm movement. Diagnosed w/SIRVA and received a steroid shot in bursa. Physical therapy for next month. Still limited movement and pain. will be going to an orthopedic surgeon in April 2016.
"Became sick, fever, swollen face and next and bad ear pain then arm pain which finally diagnosed as brachial neuritis."
"Complained of several intermittent episodes of right arm numbness and tingling down to her fingers; lateral 3 fingers. Progressed over time.  Was seen by Neurosurgeon and sent to Neurologist.  Had MRI scan head, neck and shoulder. Then EMG study that revealed a brachial neuritis pattern on right."
Arm very stiff.  Increasing stiffness and sharp pain.  Stabbing pain became unbearable until I could no longer sleep nor lift/move my arm.  Went to orthopaedic doctor on 12/30/15.
The flu shot was injected high on the left arm near the shoulder resulting in left shoulder pain and weakness which progressively increased with time. No pain prior to flu shot.
Arm pain.
"After I received PREVNAR 13 and flu shot start having fatigue, headaches, muscle pain, rash, pain around eyes."
Rash on forearms.
"Severe upper arm pain, especially noticeable at night. I would wake up in pain. Unable to lift arm laterally. Pain from 10/14/15 to 3-1-16. Suddenly healed."
"Pain in upper arm, """"Debilitating"""", according to patient. Pain still present as of 3/22/16. When vaccine given 10/30/15. Pt states vaccine was given below the deltoid."""""
"Fevers 104, chills, congestion, cough, vomiting. I had to seek emergency care, require chest X-ray, I had to miss 4 days of work. My 15 month infant also tested positive for influenza A even though she required the flu shot."
"My arm was very sore the morning after. Normally, my arm is a little tender but I didn't think anything of it. Then as days passed it got worse. I couldn't drive, brush my hair, change, lift things ETC. Eventually ended up getting an MRI. I got my results today (3/22/2016 - over 3 months after vaccine) they found tendinitis in my right shoulder along with a tear in my tendon. I attended PT 4 times prior to my MRI. PT did not help. I still to this day have limited range of motion."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a physician on 10 March 2016. This case involves 6 patients (age and gender not reported) who were vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE (batch number, expiry date, route and site of administration were not reported) on an unspecified date in September 2015. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 10 March 2016, following the vaccination patient experienced """"flu like"""" symptoms and tested positive for A and B strains of """"flu virus"""". It was also vaccination failure case. Laboratory investigation and corrective treatment was not reported. The outcome of event was unknown. Upon internal review, the company decided to consider the event serious because of important medical event tested positive for A and B strains of """"flu virus"""", flu like symptoms and suspected vaccination failure. List of documents held by sender: none. Sender's Comments: As with any vaccine, vaccination with influenza vaccine may not protect 100 percent of susceptible individuals. However, additional information on the patient's immune status at the time of vaccination (medical history, concomitant medication), previous vaccinations, infectious work-up results to rule out alternative etiology and details of tests used to identify the influenza strain (e.g. PCR, nasal swab, etc.) are needed to further assess this case."""""
Pt. states her armpit to elbow was sore.  She states this was still present 6weeks later when she seeked medical attention.  She now has loss of flexibility in that arm and is unable to lift heavy thing.  States that and MRI shows inflammation of tendons.
Complained of right deltoid pain and right sided headache.
"Rash at injection site after 2 days after vaccine and then 5 wks later, apx 11/21/15 started with thigh weakness, neuro dx'ed as variant Guillain-Barre, resolved March 2016."
I HAD A FLU SHOT IN SEPT. 2015 IN MY LEFT ARM.  IT HAS BEEN APPROXIMATELY SIX MONTHS AND I AM STILL HAVING TROUBLE WITH MY LEFT ARM.  IT IS EXTREMELY PAINFUL AND I HAVE LIMITED MOBILITY.
"Slight pain in arm that medication was administered in (left arm) that did not go away. By late December less use of left arm. Visited orthopedic Feb and was diagnosed with Adhesive Capsulitis, frozen shoulder. Have been in Physical Therapy for 4 weeks."
"Initial unsolicited report received from a non- healthcare professional on 20 November 2015. This case involves a 71-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Fluzone (batch number and manufacturer was unknown, expiry date, dose, dose in series, route and site of administration were not reported) on 13 November 2015. Illness at time of vaccination and any other vaccinations within 4 weeks of vaccinations reported as didn't ask. Pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions reported as unknown. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 13 November 2015, few second following the vaccination, the patient had developed jaw swelling, may have had rash. The patient's laboratory data and corrective treatment was not reported. The outcome of event was unknown. List of documents held by sender: none. Follow up information received from non-healthcare professional on 09 February 2015. Patient received 0.5ml intramuscular dose of Fluzone (batch number U1487AA, manufacturer: SANOFI PASTEUR INC.) in left deltoid at 13:50."
"Day after """"Flu vaccine"""" generalized malaise 2 to 3 days later several generalized urticaria. Daily, difficult to control with antihistamines. Saw allergy sp. 2/4/2016. Work up negative. First episode. Has had flu shot in past."""""
I am 60. According to my medical chart I saw the lot # for shot given is one given below my chart said manuf GlaxoSmithKline debilitating itching flu shot site LA and spreading. Rash forearms today.
Immediate pain severe in right arm - lasted 2 days since then sleepless night - can not sleep on right side. Shooting pain when lifting arm uncertain ways can not lift heavy objects. Limited movement and use since shot on 10-27-`5.
"Within 24 hours I experienced left shoulder pain. (Rotator cuff). Several visits to primary care, x-rays, MRI, medication for pain, physical therapy and scheduled for treatment with surgeon orthopedic."
"From PCP note: per pt sick, hurted all over, legs aches, burning sensation, sore throat, ha for 10 day."
None stated.
"Red, raised skin plaques on face scalp, neck, shoulders, arms, back of thighs, shin, top of feet. Cortisone cream to effected areas."
"Severe pain, loss of range of motion. Shoulder treatments and eventual shoulder surgery (1-15-16) bursitis inflammation. Six months later still pain and limited range of motion."
Raised bumps on the abdomen 1 day after injection.
"11-04-15 - received flu shot. 11-05-15 - had muscle soreness as usual but seemed to be deeper than usual. 11-06-15 - still had soreness deep in shoulder but typical muscle soreness associated with shot was gone. Up until 11-20-16 still had problem with shoulder. I experienced limited movement, weakness, numbness and pain. Along with that the muscle in the shoulder at base of neck have been tight compensating for it. Because of what I do for a living I cannot work like that for safety purposes so I ended up making an appointment with my doctor but was not able to get in until December. It was discussed and decided it could be an industrial as the flu clinic was brought to our work and is promoted by the city (my employer) to be vaccinated. Paperwork was then completed and I was sent to be seen through industrial. 11-20-15 - I went to be seen. X-rays were done to check for bone spurs and nothing was found. I was then prescribed Naproxen, given a sling to wear as needed to keep from using it and placed on light duty status until follow up appointment. A follow up apt was scheduled for 11-27-15. In the meantime it was decided it was not an industrial claim and would not be covered. Since could not get in to my regular doctor for a month I ended up going back to the clinic to be released to full time or extend light duty. 11-27-15 - I returned to clinic to be seen. Pain was continuing as well as limited movement and numbness. I was told to continue the Naproxen and my light duty status was extended until another follow up date of 12-04-15. In the meantime I was to get an MRI done on my shoulder. Results were asked to be forwarded to both clinic and my regular doctor I was scheduled to see. 11-30-15 - MRI done. 12-04-15 - I went back to clinic and was given the results of the MRI. This stated everything appeared normal except for the following statement """"There is infiltrative appearing fluid signal noted just below level of the a.c. joint and the distal clavicle overlying the rotator interval which may represent some combination of bursitis and reactive soft tissue edema. There is trace fluid noted in the subscapularis bursa adjacent to the coracoid process"""". My light duty status was continued until my appointment with my regular doctor. 12-15-15 - I went to dr at medical center. I was told to continue Naproxen as needed and was prescribed VOLTAREN gel to use. I was also referred to physical therapy. And a follow up appointment was made for 6 weeks later as directed by the doctor. I asked to be released from light duty and was released at that time but told to monitor the injury until follow up appointment. I attended PT overt that time period but do not have those dates available right now. I can get them though if they are needed.01-27-16 - follow up visit with dr at medical center. I was given a steroid injection in the shoulder and told to monitor how it is doing and advised it cannot be given an earlier than every 3 months due to complications. Over this time the pain is reduced but is still there depending on usage. I can feel that these is something still not right in it and sometimes is worse than others. Continued problems with tiredness, achiness and tightness in muscles but it all varies depending on usage."""""
"I received a flu vaccine on Oct 20, 2015, and have been suffering severe pain on my shoulder where the vaccine was administered. I have bursitis, bicep tendonitis, and frozen shoulder, and will have to go through a surgery."
"Initially it was fatigue, no energy and felt lethargic. Few days later started feeling pain upper left arm and shoulder.  Whenever I reached out for anything with my left arm, severe pain will shoot through from elbow to the shoulder. I could not raise my arm up, to the side or towards back. If I tried, I felt severe pain in my left shoulder. I could not open my car door or put on seat belt with my left hand. Driving was very painful, shoulder would hurt while steering. I saw my Doctor on Dec 9th, 2015. He asked me to get x-ray but the x-ray did not show anything. He suggested try physical therapy and if it does not work than I should see an orthopedic specialist. I had gone through about 15 sessions of physical therapy. Pain in shoulder has gotten little better. But my arm and shoulder still hurt and sleeping at night is still uncomfortable. Sometimes it wakes me up at middle of night. I have an appointment scheduled with an Orthopedic specialists."
Patient describes intermittent numbness/burning/tingling since receiving the vaccine in September.
"Patient stated did not hurt at all when she received the vaccine. However, the next morning (10-9-15) she had severe pain in the arm. She stated she has had pain in the left arm since the vaccine and has not improved. She said it is an 8 out of 10 during the day and pain 10 out of 10 at night. Her doctor has had her doing exercises for the arm which had not helped. She had an MRI on week of 3-28-16, which did not show any issues."
"I received a flu vaccine on 10/20/15 in my left shoulder. On 10/21/15 the left shoulder was very painful, limited mobility and lost strength. Sleepless night on 10/21/15 so went to urgent care 10/22/15."
Patient say since received FLUZONE HD vaccine on 11/9/15 she is having problem with sore arm. States loss of strength in arm that has increased in last 2 months.
"11-21-15 she put the needle in my shoulder joint, I told her it hurt and she said it would for a couple days. I called her two weeks later and told her I cannot left my arm over my head or out in front of me. She told me to go to the doctor."
"I had a flu shot on October 26, 2015 at my local public health department. I am a county employee and the county was offering a free shot through our health insurance. The shot was given to me in my upper arm; however, the prick/insert was rather high on my upper arm. Ever since that day, my right upper arm has been sore. It is now almost April, 2016, and my arm is still sore. I can't raise it high and I feel a discomfort when I'm changing shirts. I also can't sleep on my right side, due to discomfort in my upper arm."
Pain on left arm. He said still have pain on his left arm.
Fever and seizure.
"Nursing note on 10/7 @ 0800 states Pt's pneumonia vaccine site on the Left arm appears to be red, slightly swollen, and hot to touch. Pt does not complain of any pain at the site, and refused an ice pack. No further orders."
Experienced severe left arm (deltoid area) radiating into left shoulder. Pain continues. Have been treated with methylpred 4 mg - twice. Pain returns after off prednisone after 4-5 days. Difficult sleeping because of pain.
Fever/chills. Cough/labored breathing/wheezing. Sinus (running). Hives skin problems (prolonged). Fatigue (weeks and weeks).
"Started with soreness in shoulder which progressed worse each month, until health provider contacted; then Orthopedic specialist; received steroid injection; no help or relief 6 months later."
Prolonged pain at injection site and progressive loss of range of motion of left shoulder. Currently under care of Orthopedist; getting physical therapy.
Started by pain in left shoulder and progressed to inability to move shoulder and arm without severe pain. Could not lift are to put on a jacket. Pain was progressively worse and did not start to regress for about a month and I still have pain in left shoulder to where it wakes me up at night if I roll to that side. This shot was administered to the Bursa and rotator cuff in my left shoulder.
"Patient reported receipt of annual flu vaccine 10/30/2015 with AFLURIA Lot# U56506, MFT CSL to his right deltoid during flu-fair. He advised leaving immediately after being vaccinated and began to cough. This lasted for a few moments and resolved once back in area about 1 mile away. Approximately <30 min later he felt a numbness/fullness to right nostril as if stuffy. Over next 2 hours this numbness worsened to right side of face along jaw and tongue (as if went to dentist). He denied any difficulty speaking, chewing, swallowing and no numbness to neck/eye/ear. He denied difficulty moving jaw/facial/neck muscles. This sensation and nasal fullness resolved by 9pm when he went to bed. He awoke the next morning with a dull 1/10 headache over frontal sinuses that persisted all day resolving later that evening. He again denied any fevers, chills, n/v, visual disturbances, tinnitus, weakness, rash, neck pain or any systemic like symptoms. HA was not like past migraine headaches - not as severe and different location. He advised he ate 2 homemade breakfast sandwiches with ginger tea which he had had before and since without reaction. He denied any new detergents, deodorants, food groups, trauma, odor exposure, or recent exercise prior to/after vaccination. He reported having mild pollen allergy but was never tested for."
"This 48 year old employee requests exemption to influenza vaccine. She advised she received 2 doses of influenza vaccine between 1993 and 1999 (records not available-""""lost""""). She recalls the first flu vaccine was given with an air gun to her left arm. She did not receive any other vaccines at that time. Later that day the vaccine site was sore and with orange size swelling and redness. The next morning she recalls having a fever with increased tenderness to vaccine site (""""it stuck out about 1/2 inch or so""""). She recalls seeing Occ Health provider and advised it was a response from the air gun. She stated she felt """"bad"""" and it took about a week or so to recover. The next year she received another flu vaccine but with syringe. She again recalls the next morning having a fever but this time her entire left arm was swollen from shoulder to fingertips, skin appeared red (unsure if just at vac site or entire arm as it's been over 20 years), felt nauseated and vaccine site was sore and warm to touch. She recalls having difficulty bending fingers due to swelling. Is right handed. She reported back to Occ health and thinks they prescribed MOTRIN, but doesn't recall specifics. She did recall it again took a week for swelling, redness and pain to resolved. Fever resolved within 24-48 hours. Since then she has never had another flu shot. She sees a allergist since 1999 due to multiple severe drug allergies having been tested to flu vaccine in Oct 2013 (unknown vac tested to) and Oct 2015 (FLUARIX-preservative free quad vaccine by SP) each time having positive challenge results (test results requested - see attached note from Dr and pictures). She also reports severe reactions to various antibiotics to include sulfa, floxin, clindamycin, and CIPRO. Reactions to these antibiotics included rash, swelling, itching, fever which worsened with each new antibiotic received...all required hospitalization with last event with CIPRO resulting in blisters, peeling skin and itchy palms/soles. She denied any allergy to eggs, eats soft/hard cooked and had negative allergy testing in Oct 2015. She had similar reactions with PLAQUENIL and lemons. BENADRYL caused her to sleep for 3 days with one dose. She denied any latex allergy or issues with other vaccines."""""
"Initial unsolicited report received from a Physician on 16 Feb 2015. A 11-year-old female patient, whose medical history and concomitant medications were none, had received a first dose of DIPHTHERIA-2/TETANUS/5 AC PERTUSSIS VACCINE (Adacel) (batch number U4965AA, expiry date 12-FEB-2017, Intramuscular route in the left deltoid) on 14 Feb 2015, received a dose of HEPATITIS A VACCINE (HEP A) (batch number unknown Intramuscular route on left deltoid) on 14 Feb 2015, received a dose of INFLUENZA VIRUS VACCINE POLYVALENT (Fluvirin) (batch number unknown Intramuscular route on left deltoid) on 14 Feb 2015, received a dose of HUMAN PAPILLOMA VIRUS VACCINE (HPV) (batch number unknown Intramuscular route on right deltoid on 14 Feb 2015 and received a dose of MENINGOCOCCAL A-C-Y-W135 (D CRM197 CONJ) VACCINE (Menveo) (batch number unknown Intramuscular route on right deltoid on 14 Feb 2015. Any other vaccinations before 4 weeks prior to Adacel vaccine were not reported. On 15 Feb 2015 the patient developed site reaction of redness, swelling, warmth on left deltoid and site reaction of redness, swelling on right deltoid. Laboratory investigations were none and she was prescribed with Bactrim and Ice packs. The outcome of the events was unknown. Patient required emergency room visit. Documents held by sender: none. Follow up information was received from a physician on 16 March 2015: It was reported that the patient was not visited the emergency room and event was occurred after 2 days. At the time of this report, outcome of the event was resolved on an unspecified date."
"Continuing pain at flu injection site; decreased range of motion of left arm. Unable to lift arm, move arm to back or extend arm."
"October 8, 2015: (4:00 PM) I received the influenza vaccination at a community health (flu immunization) clinic held at High School. This one day clinic was sponsored by the County Health Department. The woman who administered my injection recommended that I get the higher dose since I was 65 years old, so I agreed to that. She said that my arm may be a little sorer than it would be with the regular injection. I have received influenza injections for many years and have never had an adverse reaction other than some tenderness at the injection site. I had never experienced any injuries to or problems with my left arm prior to this injection. October 8, 2015: (@8:00 PM) A few hours after the injection my upper arm (at the injection site) was extremely sore and raising my arm was difficult and painful. This continued for the next few days and I had to have assistance getting dressed as I could not raise my arm. I was not able to drive my car because of the arm pain and lack of mobility. After about four days these symptoms improved but certain movements of my arm continued to be painful. This pain was most noticeable at night when I would try to sleep on the affected side. November 6, 2015 Approximately a month after receiving the injection I was still experiencing arm pain so I contacted the office of my primary care physician and explained my symptoms to her nurse. The nurse advised me to take ibuprofen (which I had already been taking) and try to use my arm more to see if that would help. I followed that advice without any noticeable improvement. November 17, 2015 I had an appointment with Dr. regarding my arm/shoulder pain. I related my experience to her and she examined my arm but was uncertain as to what might be causing my pain or how to treat it. She recommended trying physical therapy and if that did not help she suggested I may want to see an orthopedic doctor and have x-rays or an MRI of my arm. November 24, 2015 I began physical therapy sessions with DPT. These sessions, along with prescribed home exercises, seemed to improve my symptoms, especially reducing the pain I experienced during the night. In mid-December of 2015 we traveled to spend the winter so I discontinued the therapy but continued the home exercises. January 8, 2016 I once again began to suffer with increased pain in my arm and shoulder, especially at night. I met with an orthopedic doctor. I had originally made the appointment to discuss problems with my arthritic knee but he also examined my left arm/shoulder. Dr. thought it was possibly an issue with my rotator cuff and believed the timing of the flu shot may be just coincidental. He gave me a cortisone injection in my shoulder and recommended returning for some type of imaging of the shoulder if the shot did not provide adequate pain relief. The shot did relieve some of the arm/shoulder pain for about a month, but then the pain gradually returned and continued to worsen. Not only was I in pain but I also started to lose mobility in my left arm and my range of motion was rapidly decreasing. I decided to return home and consult with my orthopedic physician there. March 22, 2016 I had an appointment with an orthopedic specialist. He examined me and took x-rays of my left arm and shoulder. Given the fact that my symptoms started immediately after I received the flu shot and added to the fact that I had never experienced any injuries or other issues with my left arm or shoulder, he said it was very likely that the administration of the flu vaccine could have caused my arm/shoulder issues. He thought the vaccine may have been injected too high on my arm. Upon further examination he diagnosed me with adhesive capsulitis, """"frozen shoulder"""", which he also believed could have resulted from the vaccine administration, causing the pain and subsequent mobility issues. Due to my shoulder pain and immobility he did not feel I could keep my arm in the necessary position to undergo an MRI evaluation at that time. H"""""
Hearing loss in left ear. Has gone through treatment with cortisone injections but not effective.
Immediately after administration patient had extreme pain in upper arm at the site of the injection. The pain was immediate and has lasted for months.
"Case number PHEH2016US009056, is an initial spontaneous report received from a pharmacist on 11 Apr 2016. This report refers to a 16 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (batch number: not reported) 0.5 ml intramuscularly in Sep 2015. On 11 Apr 2016, the patient tested positive for flu B (vaccination failure). Outcome of the events was not reported. Seriousness of the events was reported as non serious. Causality was not reported. Seriousness of the events Influenza B virus test positive and vaccination failure was upgraded based on the available information in the source document."
"Immediate pain at injection site. Employee asked if I was on anti coag, I advised not. She advised I was bleeding. Bandaid placed. Short time later bruise appeared distal to bandaid. Subsequent pain, inability to weight bear with that arm. Went to PCP, confirmed DIT vaccine. PO meds (ibuprofen) went to ortho also conf. Give inj to shoulder. Subsequent ortho visit po steroid. Shoulder place film and shoulder MRI conf. adhesive capsulitis. Daily pain since injection. Severe decreased ROM."
"Case number PHEH2016US009025, is an initial spontaneous report received from a pharmacist via phone on 11 Apr 2016. This report refers to a 16 years old female patient. Medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. The patient was vaccinated with FLUVIRIN (Batch number: not reported) in Sep 2015. The patient was tested positive for flu strain B since she received vaccination. Outcome of the event was unknown. Seriousness and causality of the event was not reported. Seriousness of the event """"Influenza B virus test positive"""" was upgraded based on the available information in the source document."""""
"Severe tingling in arm down to the hand, severe pain in upper arm, loss of grip in hand. Doctor said give it a few months. No help."
"Left eye blurred and left shoulder, neck and head pain and numbness where shot was administered."
I feel weak. I cannot either stand or sit for a long time.