Initial unsolicited case received from a non healthcare professional on 13 January 2015. A 54-year-old male patient with a reported medical history of hypertension and elevated cholesterol, had received his first ever dose of FLUZONE (lot number UI198AA, route of administration not reported) in the left deltoid on 12 January 2015. After the patient received his flu shot, he was fine in the office, but, in the evening, the patient developed flushing, hives and shortness of breath (reported as SOB). He was treated at the emergency room for an allergic reaction and recovered from the event. No admission to the hospital was necessary. Illness at time of vaccination and pre-existing allergies were reported as none. Relevant diagnostic tests/laboratory data were reported as unknown. The event was considered serious per the reporter as it was considered as a life-threatening illness. The outcome was reported as recovered. Documents held by sender: none.
Developed severe stomach pain that afternoon and into the evening and overnight; diagnosed with acute pancreatitis the next morning at the ER.
1/10/2015 Weakness and vomiting, 1/11/2015 CT scan of her abdomen showed ascites and fluid around the pancreas. 1/11/2015 Lipase 1528 and Amylase 162. She was NPO and on IV fluids until Lipase decreased to 49 then she was on clears for 1 day (1/18) then breast milk and solids low fat on 1/14/15 and did fine to 1/15/15.
Rash and fever onset 1/17/2015 AM - Seen by PMD that AM and sent to the ER for evaluation.  Ended up being admitted to the pediatric ICU with Toxic epidermal Necrosis resulting in 5-1-% skin loss.  Required intensive wound and eye care management.
Pt. reports severe headache 1 hour following flu vaccine. This resulted in several ER visits and a hospitalization resulting in being diagnosed w/ pseudotumor cerebri, having LP shunt placed 1/24/15.
1/23/15 1430 R. deltoid - cellulitis red, hot to touch, swelling, blotchy and pain tender to touch firmness. 1/24/15 0024 Systemic Inflammatory Response Syndrome. 1/23/15 1910 fever max recorded on IP chart 101.4, fatigue, occasional cough, lethargy, tachycardia, chills, sore throat, generalized headache.
Petechiae bilateral legs.
Sudden onset fever, headache, seizures (5 minute status epilepticus, apneic episode).
Patient left pharmacy premises immediately after vaccination, against the advice of the myself the vaccinating pharmacist. Patient reported that maybe 10 min after leaving, while driving home, he experienced chest tightness (shortness of breath) and felt faint. He pulled over and called 911, he was taken to the hospital and was discharged 2/6/15. Patient did not recall names of medications he was treated with at the hospital. He came to the pharmacy 2/7/15 to inform us of the event and to fill some prescriptions given to him at discharge.
Received first vaccines 2/13/15, no apparent problems that afternoon or evening, found dead in crib following AM - cold, likely died hours before. Complex PMH following anoxic/ischemic brain injury at birth. Hx seizures, weaned off anticonvulsants - 2m ago after EEG normal.
Numbing and tingling of the four extremities, difficulty swallowing, unable to hold objects, unable to walk.
I am a pediatrician working for a hospital.  I have a case to report to CDC. I have a patient, 8 month old previously female who was dxed with ADEM (possibly from Fluzone).  Patient was noted to be extra-sleepy within a day (that night) per mom after receiving 2nd Sanofi Fluzone on 28 Jan 2015 (which was given 1 mo after 1st Fluzone) & developed choreoathetotic movements & was transferred to a hospital. Pt has no issues with 2,4 6 mo vaccines including 1st Fluzone.  At hospital, pt had normal spinal tap & brain MRI showed diffuse white matter signal change.  Pt was dxed with ADEM & was treated with high dose IV steroid pulse therapy.  Pt seems to be improving overall but still has persistent choreoathetotic movements & can not hold her head up. Vision seems to be returning to normal & now making some eye contacts.
The patient was found on 2/27/15 unresponsive and was resuscitated; admitted to ICU and remains unresponsive on ventilator with a diagnosis of respiratory failure. CT head/neck/chest are all negative. He initially had thrombocytopenia but now stable. Current CXR with BLL infiltrate and hx fever 101.2. Report received from consulting ID MD questions if r/t adenovirus vaccine.
Patient had a 4 day hospital admission for right upper arm cellulitis following administration of vaccines. Symptoms started about 6 hrs after vaccine administration.
Guillain Barre Syndrome. Treated with IVIG.
Progressive short term memory loss beginning 4 days after IM flu shot into the deltoid. Ultra short term memory has been affected the most. Associated symptoms include nausea, dizziness, and continuous tiredness that is not relieved by sleep. Symptoms have fluctuated but, slowly worsened over the last 2 months.
Weakness in upper left arm noticed within 1 hour of injection. Weakness remains. Soreness at the injection site lasting 4 days. Soreness in the muscle where the injection was given lasting 4 days.
Swelling & numbness of right foot, no treatment at that time.
On 3/23/15 mom noticed very loose diarrhea and vomiting at about 1 pm, then two hours later it happened again and diarrhea stopped 2 days after he was hospitalized. Was given IV fluids to hydrate after very bad dehydration. Was discharged 3/30/15.
Patient developed petechial rash following the MMRV and influenza and hepatitis B Vaccines on 3/19/15. Patient was admitted to the hospital and labs showed thrombocytopenia, likely cause ITP.
Febrile seizure, fever 103.
Unusual amount of pain in shoulder, returned to pharmacy to inquiry.
Numbness in fingers and feet loss of ability to walk headache jaw lock pain in back and legs and arms.
Prior to and during vaccine administration, patient was crying and hyperventilating.  After vaccines administered, nursing notified that she was not acting appropriately.  She was sleepy, difficult to arouse. She was starting off, not responding to questions and difficult to keep awake.  Later complaining of chest pain, headache, flank pain, difficulty raising her arm and continues to be slow to answer questioning, not oriented to time or place. Altered mental status of 45 minutes in duration.  Glucose normal, given juice and crackers.  Tylenol for pain.  Admitted to the hospital with neurology consult, and with EKG.
Hives started breaking out at approx. 7pm of 03/03/15.  03/04/15 - 8am face/eyes swelling. Symptoms continue daily. 03/24/2015 - 4pm anaphylaxis - ER visit. 03/26/2015 - 1pm anaphylaxis - on air plane. 04/28/2015 - 9pm anaphylaxis - ER visit. Have seen primary care Dr, allergist, immunologist.  25 days of prednisone starting 3/24 to 4/15 (hives/swelling/rash continued throughout treatment). Medications - Prednisone, Singulair, Atarax, Zantac, Benadryl, Epi-Pen. Hives/Swelling/Rash are currently present daily.
Patient reported receipt of routine vaccinations while in training with no adverse reactions on 9/10/2014, 10/10/2014 and 11/10/2014. On 3/25/2015 during 9-10am, he received Tdap (BOOSTRIX Lot#5SR2L), injectable influenza (FLUARIX-SK lot #2B472) and Hepatitis B #3 (ENGERIX-B-SK lot #M7JZ4). (Tdap was given as electronic immunization medical records documenting Td being administered 9/2014). Patient recalls onset of right parietal throbbing headache 4-7/10 and then a stabbing like pain to right upper quadrant midline under rib cage <10-15 min after the 3 vaccines that worsened over the next 1-2 hours. He recalls advising immunization staff and was sent to medical. He arrived in medical 3/25/2015 at 11:10 am (1-2 hour after vaccination) where he was diagnosed and treated for headache with NSAIDs and ZOFRAN with some relief (pain at 3-4/10). He described his headache starting as a dull then sharp throbbing pain with nausea. His RUQ pain was sharp (3-6/10) but nondescript with no know aggravating factors (breathing, moving, eating). He denied any visual changes, weakness, facial - neck pain, trauma, recent travel, recent illness/injuries, use of alcohol/drugs, does not smoke, or use of eye glasses or any recent dental care. On 3/27/2015 he returned to medical with persistent headache now lightheaded with nausea and vomiting (x1). He was treated with 1000cc NS, IV ZOFRAN and IM TORADOL and released with prescriptions. He advised while his headache and abdominal pain did decrease. Over the next 3 weeks, he reported neither pain went away. His advised he tolerates both taking medication only when severe while attending school and performing ADL. On 4/20/2015 he returned to medical after passing out with worsening headache and expansion of his abdominal pain from RUQ to RLQ. He was transferred to ER for possible appendicitis. An ultrasound and CT of his abdomen/pelvis were normal with no signs of cholecystitis, or appendicitis. He was released with his pain easing with NORCO and ZOFRAN to 3/10. Over the next week he continued to experience both headache (right sided only) and RUQ abdominal pain being able to attend school, eat and exercise. He reported passing out x 2 when head and abdominal pain became severe together. He stated he would stand to leave area which resulted in him passing out. Witness to these events reported what looked like seizure like activity. His seizures were described as him staring, blacking out, muscles tensing for few seconds and when muscles relaxed he awoke fully aware of where he was. He stated he felt like he just woke up from sleep. There was no report of incontinence during this event or fatigue post event. He did report falling x 1 on 4/27/2015 hitting the right side of head and was again sent to nearby ER for further evaluation and transferred to another hospital for admission.
Swelling of arm with redness. No tenderness or limitation of movement.
9 hrs. post vaccine, pt developed fever 39.2 R, tachycardia, abdominal pain, huge emesis, P.E.-absent reflexes LLE. Treatment-fever mgt, elevated IV lipids. 1/18/15 AM balance off, absent (R) patellar reflex. 1/27/15 abnormal gait, (R) upper/lower weakness of extremity.
2 Injections in Left Arm Boostrix -Diphtheria-Tetaus & Fluzone High Dose Flu vaccinations. Arm was sore after injections, by 4 couldn't move arm and had extreme pain. Checked internet & said to expect some pain. Arm didn't get better, couldn't sleep or move arm. Been six months still can't do much. Painful Physical Therapy twice a week. Major limited range of motion, can't hold or lift arm up. Impacted everyday activities and social life to the point I am a shut in. Before injection I had no problem with arm, shoulder, neck or side. MRI shows inflammation in arm, shoulder area. Now I can't function.
Bronchitis, headaches, rapid heartbeat, low grade fever, tremors, anxiety attacks, exhaustion, blurred vision-night blindness, tongue sensitivity, heat intolerance, diarrhea, burping, gagging, vomiting bile, urinary incontinence, numbness in arms and legs, brain fog, hernia.
Redness, severe swelling, severe pain. Morphine, KEFLEX, malaise, fatigue, cellulitis. Hydrocodone/APAP-Thurs. Clindamycin-Fri. Warm compress. Hydroxyzine-Fri. Ondansetron-Fri.
Patient had a high fever (103.5) and right arm became red and swelled. High dose flu and Pneumovax was given in right arm.  Boostrix given in left arm. Over the next few days (Tuesday and Wednesday), patient became disoriented, confused, dehydrated, and fever remained.  Patient was admitted to hospital on Thursday with the same symptoms, and had an elevated white blood count, with a possibly infection in right arm.
Admitted to hospital with symptoms of pneumonia.
3 days of intermittent twitching/jerking movement of arms, head and neck, epsiodes approx. 20-40 min in duration. Involved hyperventilation, improved with . Admitted 8/22-24. No meds given.
Approximately around 10:30 too 11 PM, patient experianced shortness of breath and cough and change in colors (expressed as purple), patient called 911 and EMS arrived in 3 minutes. According to the patient, oxygen saturation was low around 82 and blood bressure was up and down, at times the systolic was 220. EMS gave her oxygen and took patient to hospital where she was treated with oxygen and discharged around 3 am.
As relayed to us by family member, Pt. was taken to hospital in critical condition but as of now doctor's not sure what is the cause of her condition.
Woke up at 3:30 AM on 9/2/15 with chills and shaking but no fever. Woke back up at 10:00AM on 9/2/15 with 100.5 degree fever, went to OBGYN because I was 37 weeks pregnant and they admitted me to Medical Center because I still had a fever, my heart rate was 130 bpm and the baby's was around 200 bpm. At hospital received an IV drip for dehydration and stayed for observation. Fevers continued until 4am 9/3/15 and I was released from the hospital at 12:00PM on 9/3/15 after having normal temperature since 6am.
Post vaccine complete transverse myelitis. Pt is paralyzed from the breast down.
Syncope, vomiting, weakness, dizziness, temp over 103, low blood pressure, cellulitis.
Incoherent-seizure. Vomiting. Unstable blood pressure. Husband took her to ER.
Chest tightness start at 1:00pm, difficulty breathing 1:30pm, sore throat, restricted breathing/airways 1:45pm, dizziness and weakness throughout.
Pt received vaccine 9/14/15. She received AFLURIA at the same time. A few days later she experienced redness and swelling at the injection site. She went to ER on Saturday 9/19 and was admitted to the hospital. She was transported to another hospital and is being treated for infection.
Extreme pain in upper right shoulder. Having trouble moving arm without feeling pain. Went to hospital following up with a doctor.
Facial Numbness that migrated to neck and arm.  Later (13 days)became widespread after discharge.
Patient experienced fever > 102 degrees F and chills. Also what his wife described as seizure-like movements lasting approximately 4 hours beginning approximately 2 hours post vaccine. Patient was taken to ED and was hospitalized for 2 days with diagnosis of sepsis/community acquired pneumonia.
Stomach pain & vomiting 8 hrs after injection, sores on lips, fever.
Patient reported on 9/21/15 4:00 pm that she was shaky and did not feel well. She called a neighbor and she was taken to the hospital. She also reported having an injection in her eye at the doctor's office in her 9/21 report (informed post vaccination).
Administered PREVNAR 13 IM to (L) deltoid followed by FLUZONE to (R) deltoid IM. Within 5 mins of administering meds-pt c/o (R) arm numbness. Had difficulty lifting arm up unable to squeeze with (R) hand. Also c/o (R) thigh numbness. BP increased 150/110, HR 134, BS 84, had difficulty with speech et responding, diaphoretic et confused. Squad arrived et symptoms except for (R) arm hemiplegia began to abate.
Admitted 9/24 with right hand and arm cellulitis and pruritis and possible underlying HSV or VZV vesicles. WBC elevated.  Symptoms improving during treatment with antivirals.  During admission on 9/26, flu shot was given right upper arm.  Pt had chills overnight following injection.  Right arm aching 9/27.  MD unsure if r/t flu shot vs cellulitis.  Chills treated with acetaminophen x 1.  Pain covered with ibuprofen x 2 doses.  Antibiotic added 9/27.  Pt discharged on antiviral and antibiotic.
Swelling of face, neck-no troubles breathing, fever, chills.
I received the flu shot in my right arm. A day and a half later I couldn't walk.
Asthma attack, heavy wheezing and coughing for 2 hours. I took 2 60mg Allegra and 3 puffs of PROAIR-HFA to help me cough up congestion from the phlegm in my chest.
Shot on 9/10. Tired 9/11 and 12-migraine-aches and pains. ER on 9/14-shots. ER on 9/16-I.V.-ER on 9/21-I.V.
Leg numbness. In able to walk or stand and later upper body numbness and chest tightness.
2 weeks after receiving vaccine patient was hospitalized due to congestive heart failure and pneumonia.
Afternoon of flu shot developed chills and high fever. Patient passed out and ambulance called, taken to hospital.
Cellulitis of the site- required admission to the hospital for IV antibiotics.
Patient received the flu vaccine on Friday 9/18/2015 at approx 11AM-she developed shaking chills at 8:30PM Fri evening temp 100.6 degrees given TYLENOL XST 2 tabs-at 9:30PM temp increased 103 degrees she was delirious, confused, limp when gotten out of bed->to hospital by ambulance-received IV fluids, vancomycin IV-stress dose cortisone in ER. Admitted to hospital-discharged 9/20/15.
Employee states numbness and tingling to tongue and getting worse, going down throat.  Epi pen 3mg administered sub cutaneous per Dr. standing orders.
Patient experienced tingling/loss of feeling in her arm(s).  Was admitted to hospital and diagnosed with Miller-Fisher Syndrome and has been receiving immunoglobulin.
Spouse reports diagnosis made on approximately 9/29/15. Numbness started in lower extremities and progressed upwards until patient could not breathe without respirator. Pt currently hospitalized.
The patient states that her arm has been in pain since her injection and that her arm has lost normal function as a result of the injection.
Generalized weakness, fever, body shaking, fatigue, unable to stand, headache, dizziness and nausea.
Upper deltoid area became edematous and pruritic. Second day, whole deltoid region erythematous. Benadryl cream applied. Third day, edema increased to lower and lateral aspect of upper and lower arm with dark erythema.
At time of injection I experienced immediate pain similar to hitting bone or nerve. I am unable to raise or rotate arm without severe pain. Also, I am unable to sleep on my right side.
Shaky, swollen tongue, weakness, paramedics treated for allergic reaction and stroke, transported to hospital by ambulance.
Injection administered at 5:30 pm--mild sting in upper right shoulder/arm. At 10:00 pm while in bed, significant pain developed in upper right arm/shoulder--level 8 on a scale of 1->10. Pain lessened after 5 days, to a level of 4 on scale of 1->10. Note: ongoing after that; taking pain medications.
Lips/tongue/throat swelling with pain of a deep bruise, skin burn like hot peppers. SOB eyes swollen shut. Went away after 5 hours.
5 days after PREVNAR 13 vaccination patient had redness and soreness at injection site. Site was warm. MD is treating her w/ KEFLEX for cellulitis.
The symptoms started 2-3 days after the flu vaccine. Patient went to ER, her MRI revealed 3 areas of white matter change in the brainstem and 2 areas of white matter change in another area of the brain.  She has Acute Demyelinating (or Disseminated) Encephalomyelitis secondary to the flu vaccine.
Tightness in throat, blurry vision.
Fever, chills, nausea, vomiting.
Generalized tonic-clonic seizure while sleeping.
Patient was taken by ambulance to hospital with severe dizziness and nausea. Patient was found to be dehydrated at hospital.
Right facial paralysis, slurred speech, confusion, fatigue.
Diffuse hives, difficulty breathing and swallowing. BP 137/90 HR 90 T 97 O2 100% sat. BENADRYL 25mg IV x2. SOLU MEDROL 125mg IV. PEPCID 40mg. EPIPEN 0.3mg 3x. WBC, 6.5; Hct, 40; Plat, 190; Na, 141; K+, 3.5; Gluc, 97. Admitted. States has hx of unknown allergy has seen allergist tests negative.
Flu shot 9/17/15. Started feeling bad next day 18th. My wife put herself on a liquid diet, as she sometimes does, for her Crohn's. Our Dr got sick so he sent us to a Dr that we did not know on 9/22. She was told to stay on broth and Jello-no substantial food for about 5 days. I am patient's husband filling out this report. I called an ambulance, she was very sick 9/23. My wife was operated on 9/24 gallbladder removed. Surgeon told us it was gangrenous. Given antibiotics-later developed yeast infection. White blood count went up-taken off antibiotics given fluconazole for yeast-white blood count stabilized. Some speculated that the flu shot exacerbated my wife's Crohn's disease-others dissed that idea.
The patient feels very sick. His right arm was in pain.
Soreness, swelling, limited range of motion, frozen shoulder, and bursitis.
Extreme Myalgia, Myositis, hypotension, vertigo, pins and needles, uncontrolled yawning, low heartrate.
Fever, chills, tried to compromised breathing and respiratory distress.
Fever or 101; trouble talking; not able to move right side of body; dizzy.
This is a spontaneous report from a Pfizer-sponsored program. A contactable consumer (wife) reported that an 81-year-old male patient of other ethnicity received on 11Sep2015 12:00 a single dose of PREVNAR 13 in the right arm and FLUZONE in the right arm intramuscular since he got the flu shot annually. Concomitant medications were not reported. Medical history included ongoing diabetes since 2013 and ongoing cellulitis (right leg). It was reported that the patient had the hand really swollen (Sep2015) for which he was hospitalized. The patient was in hospital from 17Sep2015 to 30Sep2015. It was also reported that on unspecified date in 2015, he had not strength in his arm and his hand was hurting. The patient went to the urgent care and then admitted to the emergency in order to perform an x-ray to his hand. The reporter specified that the patient was admitted to the hospital for his hand. Additionally, it was stated that when the reporter visited her husband at the hospital, she found him with a breathing apparatus for the oxygen. A physician explained her that the patient was having some breathing difficulties and that the patient's hand had been x-rayed. The patient received a breathing treatment, while laying flat, and the patient inhaled something in his lungs that caused a pneumonia. The patient was breathing alright prior to going in to the hospital. Actually, the patient did not have the body strength he had before, both arms and the patient himself were weak. His hand was still swollen. He had no bowel control, he could not speak plainly, he was non-responsive and sleeping all of the time. Laboratory data included blood sugar at 110 (highest value) on an unspecified date, X-ray of left hand on 17Sep2015 with unknown results and blood work (Sep2015) that showed great values, WBC improved. A treatment for the event hand really swolled was provided. Outcome was not recovered.
PER PATIENT: AT 1800 PATIENT BEGAN FEELING VERY ILL. PATIENT STATES SHE CALLED HER DAUGHTER BUT BEGAN REALIZING SHE COULD NOT GET HER WORDS OUT OR MAKE SENSE WHEN TALKING. PATIENT REPORTED CHILLS. PATIENT ADVICED BY DAUGHTER TO CALL AN AMBULANCE. SHE DID SO AND WAS TRANSPORTED TO HOSPITAL.
This is an 86-year-old female who was admitted to medical center on 10/08/2015 after an allergic reaction to combined flu and pneumonia shot. After receiving a flu shot and pneumonia shot in the Emergency Room, the patient was about to be sent home and she developed diffuse erythematous rash all over her body and increased swelling of her tongue. ER physician was concerned and intubated the patient preventatively to protect her airway since she was starting to have difficulty swallowing and breathing. The patient currently is on the vent, hemodynamically stable, sedated with propofol.
Difficulty breathing, severe muscle pain, red sclera, nausea, headache.
Started with hives at injection site, then itching all over, entire body turned red, throat itchy and feeling swollen as well as nose, wheezing cough, anaphylatic reaction.
Heavy wheezing, tightness in chest, short of breath. Duration 15+ days. Treatment steroids pills, shots, extra albuterol treatments with no improvement and steady decline. Will be admitted to hospital for more aggressive treatment.
Patient admitted with acute hemolytic anemia, unclear cause.
Runny nose, sore throat, red, itchy eyes with profuse mattering, couldn't catch his breath.  I called the drug store, talked to the pharmacist.  She recommended treatment at facility.  They saw him and called the ambulance to transport him to the ER.  They administered oxygen to the ambulance arrived.  His oxygen level there was 80.  He was going into anaphylactic shock.  I don't know which drugs they gave him at the hospital.  Call them. He was there until around 2:00 PM 10/17/2015.
Had injections at 11:00 AM - by 4 PM couldn't raise arms - felt like arms had been broken - still have limited mobility today.
Muscle contractions and SVT heart palpitations B/P up and down tightness in throat. Treatment with IV fluids and steroids and BENADRYL can't remember what else.
Patient came in nervous. Mom sat in area while I administered vaccine. After receiving injection, patient said she had a hard time breathing deep. I let her sit, brought water still felt not right I advised mom what we could do is call 911. EMT came. After EMT - 911 called. Gave oxygen monitored BP and released her.
Throat began swelling, took Benadryl and had seizure (as reported by sister) and was unresponsive.
Pt called with dizziness and shortness of breath. Went to ER and was admitted for observation.
Fever day of vaccine, persisted, diabetic severe hyperglycemia, traveled out of state, hospitalized with fever, pulmonary infiltrates, 9/26/15 to 10/1/15.
Vaccine given 10/16/15. On 10/17/15, parents report right arm (shoulder to mid-forearm) swelling, pain, redness, and itching that extended to the mid-chest and back. Parents report fever to 105 degrees F. Admitted to hospital on 10/19/15 with significant right arm swelling and suspected cellulitis.
Pt stated arm (L) was red, hot to the touch, swollen with a large knot at injection site. Pt stated it was on back part of arm where Pneumococcal PPV23 was given. Pt stated she has had fever and severe pain. Her white blood count was elevated - had red streak into armpit with swollen lymphnode - did not see pt only spoke on phone.
Had minor flu sx previous to acute chills and rigors with body ache 10/08/2015 at 10:00 AM.
Patient told me that his legs were numb and that he was having difficulty balancing and walking. I took him that afternoon to his pediatrician, who said that his symptoms could be Guillain Barre caused by the flu shot or could just be a normal reaction from the flu shot. His doctor also advised that the symptoms could last a few days but if they worsened to take him to the ER.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a company representative refers to an approximately 2.5 year old male patient. The patient's medical history included hyperplastic left heart and multiple unspecified heart surgeries. There was no information about the patient's concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies provided. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:30, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneously (lot # and expiration date were not reported), a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (route of administration, lot # and expiration date were not reported) and a dose of an unspecified flu vaccine. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:50, the patient was brought back to the provider's office, apparently in cardiac arrest. The reporter stated they began performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on the patient and called for an ambulance. The ambulance took the patient to an emergency room. The reporter stated they received a call from the coroner's office at 15:00, and was informed that the child died (on 19-OCT-2015). The event of cardiac arrest was reported as life threatening. The outcome of cardiac arrest was reported as fatal, however the cause of death was not provided. The relatedness between the adverse event and suspect therapies was not reported. Upon internal review, the event of cardiac arrest was considered to be medically significant. Additional information has been requested.
Sudden hearing loss in right ear upon awakening.
This is a spontaneous report obtained from a contactable nurse. This nurse reported for four patients, this is the second of fourth reports. A 90-year-old female patient received PREVNAR 13 (Lot. L99275; Expiration date: 31Mar2017, NDC number: 005-1971-02) on 08Oct2015 at 15:00, intramuscularly in left arm, at 0.5 ml, single dose and the eighth dose of FLUZONE (Lot. UI456AA, Expiration date: 19Apr2016, NDC number: 49281-397-65, manufacturer: Sanofi Pasteur) on 08Oct2015, intramuscularly in right arm, at 1 DF, single dose. No illness was noted at time of vaccination. The vaccines was administered at the private doctor's office and was purchased with public funds. Relevant medical history included degenerative joint disease (ongoing) and diabetes (ongoing). The patient received, on an unspecified date, seven previous doses of influenza vaccine. Concomitant medications were unknown. The patient received the vaccinations on 08Oct2015 and within 2-3 hours experienced severe left deltoid pain and couldn't move her arm. Emergency room visit was required. Patient went to the hospital because she couldn't move her arm (hospitalization start date: 08Oct2015, hospitalization end date: 12Oct2015). Diagnosis was degenerative joint disease and that the immunization triggered an underlying syndrome she may have had. Clinical outcome of the events was unknown at time of this report. Nurse thought it was somewhat related to vaccination.
According to school nurse, patient experienced paralysis and blindness. Unknown if attributed to possible viral illness patient had.
Terrible burning pain on left arm (couldn't lift arm past waist-high) - then noticed significant swelling and redness (like sunburn) on upper left arm from the site of where injection of Pneumovax was administered to below elbow.  Tremendous pain prevented left elbow from bending.
Difficulty breathing (I have asthma); low grade fever; rapid heart beat; upper body aches and pain; sneezing, runny nose.
Infection after receiving the pneumonia vaccine (PCV13). Shot on 10/13/15 went to urgent care 3x was hospitalized on 10/23/15 for skin infection - on antibiotics until Nov. 2 - very weak.
Flu shot given on 10/15/15. Not allergic to eggs. No hx of Guillain Barre. Patient called on 10/19/15 reporting that he had gone to the hospital 5 hr. after the injection because he could not breath. He found relief after they gave neb tx. Sent home on prednisone and abx. 10/19 reported feeling normal.
On 10/20/15 at 8:00am patient notice large bruising on trunk, both arms, and  both legs. Appeared somewhat suddenly. Sign of first raised bruise on right fore arm appeared on Friday, October 23, 2015 morning. Morning on 10/23/15 patient when to phycisians office and had blood work done. At 1pm on 10/23/15 patient was called by doctor and told to report to emergency room immediately due to Platelets at 17,000. Blood transfusion given in ER on evening. Hospitalized for 3 days. Follow up appointment on Oct. 25 Platelets at 267000. Continuing treatment with dexamethasone every 2 weeks for 3 to 4 cycles with follow up on platelets. Dr. at cancer center is monitoring patient. It is unknown if the event is related to the vaccine administered on 10/6/15.
Initial flu shot lead to acute pain in left shoulder at site of injection.  On 10/6/2015 patient started feeling intense pain in shoulder, radiating down the left arm.  Pain became progressively worse, accompanied by significant muscle weakness in fingers and wrist.  MRI excluded pre-existing spinal steonsis as potential cause.  Presumptive diagnosis was Parsonage-Turner syndrome, treated with oral steroids and narcotic analgesics.  Radial pain has subsided to a low level in response to prednisone, but weakness persists.  EMG studies are planned once prednisone is terminated.
Received injection at 3:30 pm began having breathing difficulties at 8 pm. Started with cough and restricted breathing. Went to hospital for treatment.
Awoke 10/1/15 at 10:00PM shaking, I was in a catatonic state transported to hospital ED by family.
VOMITING, INTUSSUSCEPTION WITH FLUOROSCOPIC REDUCTION.
Progressive weakness, areflexia 3 weeks ?.
This is a spontaneous report a contactable Practice manager who reported on behalf of physician. A 78-year-old male patient received PREVNAR 13 (NDC number: 0005-1971-01, Lot number: L84631, Expiry date: 1 Feb 2017), intramuscular in the right deltoid on 11Sep2015 at 0.5 ml single dose and FLUZONE (NDC number: 49281-397-88, Lot number: UI4278A, Expiry date: 28 Mar 2016, Manufacturer: Sanofi Pasteur) intramuscular in the left deltoid on the same date at high dose of 0.5. Medical history included diabetes mellitus, hypertension, leukaemia, anxiety, blood pressure abnormal, blood cholesterol increased and chronic kidney disease. Concomitant medication included JANUVIA, lisinopril, XANAX, NORVASC, COREG, fenofibrate, PRAVACHOL. The next day patient had swelling over his entire body then the patient was hospitalized due to fluid overload and he cannot fit into his clothes. The patient also experienced full blood count abnormal and metabolic function test abnormal on 06Oct2015. The patient underwent lab tests and procedures on 06Oct2015 which included blood test: unspecified, full blood count: abnormal, metabolic function test: abnormal. The patient did not recover from the event fluid overload while the outcome of the other adverse events was unknown. Therapeutic measures were taken as a result of the events swelling and fluid overload and included LASIX.
Pt reported not feeling well the evening after the vaccine, within 7 days his legs were weak, 14 days out his muscles were sore and crampy. After 20 days his hands and feet were numb and legs were very weak. The PT proceeded to the ED and was referred to a larger hospital for evaluation. The PT was hospitalized for 3 days, discharged and is now following up with physical therapy and a neurologist.
The patient felt chilled and had shortness of breath.  Later in the eveing a fever and chest pain developed.
2:30pm - complained about stomach pain, tightness in chest. 3:30-4pm - hives. 4:30pm - passed out, called 911, went to hospital. EPIPEN given at hospital.
Pain and cramps in left arm where shot was administered. Cramps and pain with any movement, any lifting. Have had to hire out household duties, getting groceries etc. In elbow up to shoulder.
Hives from head to toe, tightening of throat over 2 weeks. Placed on steroids and BENADRYL.
Cardiac Arrest at home while in bed sleeping next to wife. Brought in to ER in Cardiac Arrest.  Coded for 20 minutes until time of death was called at 1:30am.
Started getting a golf ball sized knot in my left neck area several hours after I received the flu shot and the pneumonia and Tdap that I was recommended by the pharmacy workers because I had small kids at home.  Felt very bad that night cold chills shivers, low grade fever and a stiff neck. Went to work on 26th, had same symptoms all day. Coworkers stated I looked terrible. Went home took a hot shower n went to bed before dark. Went to work on the 27th and had diarrhea and felt nauseous. I went out patrolling as I am a Sheriffs Deputy. Around 9 am I started feeling much worse and was trying to drive back to my office to tell my boss I needed to go to the Emergency Room. Prior to making it to the office I was driving and my vision started fading out and it suddenly went bright white and the next thing I know was waking up to a large bump from hitting a curb.  During the time I blacked out I crossed two lanes of on coming traffic hit a curb and almost took out several feet of fence with my patrol truck. After a few minutes my vision came back enough to drive 2 miles to my office where I met my Sgt. He advised me to take my shirt off and cool down.  I was sweating really bad.  I called my wife and she came and took me to the Emergency room. I had BP of 80/50 during admission, acute renal failure and dehydration.  I was admitted into the hospital for 3 1/2 days. I now have pain in my lower back, legs, feet and hand.  I have been referred to a spine specialists and a neurologist.  It's been 35 days and my symptoms are worsening.
Shot given at 2:30pm on 9/30/15. Within 1 hr. pt. experienced leg weakness, slurred speech, sedation. Diagnosed on 10/2/15 w/ stroke. Note: PREVNAR 13 given 2 weeks prior to Flu shot.
Chest pain, SOB, presyncope, headache, tachycardia.
Patient received Fluvirin at the pharmacy on 10/1/15 and waited approximately 10 minutes in the waiting room before going home. The pharmacists recommend all patients to stay in the pharmacy for 10 to 15 minutes after receiving any vaccines to ensure that patients don't experience any immediate reaction after vaccination. After going home, he claims there was a bulge at the injection site. He called the pharmacy approximately an hour later and pharmacist informed him that injection site reactions are reported side effects of the vaccine and that he can try to use a cold compress to see if it provides any relief. Pharmacist informed patient to monitor the situation and to contact a medical professional if the condition worsens or does not improve. Patient did not contact the pharmacy after at this time. On 10/30/15, the patient comes back to the pharmacy to inform pharmacist that he has been hospitalized in the ICU for 20 days and was in physical therapy for 10 days due to an unexplained severe reaction to the flu vaccine. According to the patient, he began bleeding within hours of the vaccine and was brought to the hospital by a friend after consulting with a physician. He stated that his platelet levels were very low and that the hospital had to provide intensive care. He stated that none of the physicians treating him could explain why his body had this trigger reaction since he has previously received flu vaccines year after year in the past with no adverse reaction. He has recovered as of 10/30/15.
Reported Possible Anaphylaxis, possible respiratory failure and shock. Client was evaluated at Emergency Room and another Hospital.
Itching, elevated heart rate, rash, difficulty breathing and swallowing, nausea.
Pt received FLUVIRIN on 8-30-15. On 9-21-15 he was seen/tx/admitted 5 days for presumed viral transverse myelitis.
Did not feel well and began to have lower back pain and dry cough by 10/22/2015 could not walk or lie down, pain became debilitating and can not put arms and hands together or up to my face or behind my back.
Transverse myelitis, hospitalization, workup is in progress but recent vaccination was noted.
Information has been received from a registered nurse referring to a 10 year old female patient with juvenile idiopathic arthritis. The patient had drug allergy to azithromycin and OMNICEF. On 27-OCT-2015 the patient was vaccinated with PNEUMOVAX 23 (strength, dose and route were unknown) and FLUARIX (strength, dose and route were unknown) concomitantly. The patient had no concomitant medication. On 28-OCT-2015, the patient experienced seizure. The reporter stated the patient had never had a seizure before and the patient was seen in the emergency room and was admitted to the hospital on 28-OCT-2015. Blood work, chest x-ray and computerized tomography (CT) scan of head was performed. Action taken with PNEUMOVAX 23 was reported as continued. The outcome of seizure was reported as recovering/resolving. The causality between the events and PNEUMOVAX 23 was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
10/5/15 > got Flu vaccine, felt hot immediately then it was difficult to talk and hard to breathe. Epi given and brought to the ER. Prednisone and BENADRYL given in ER. Rx for prednisone 60 mg for 3 days. Seen by Dr in Employee health 10/7/15 and asymptomatic.
Vaccines received on 10-16-15. That evening had an 8 minute febrile seizure. Experienced respiratory distress, intubated and transferred to hospital ICU. 1st febrile seizure at age 6-7 months of age. 2nd febrile seizure one week later. 3rd febrile seizure April 2015. 4th febrile seizure on 10-16-15.
On 10/14/15 the patient acute unprovoked sharp low back pain. Back pain got progressively worse and began to radiate to lower extremities. By 10/28/15 sx of pain numbness and weakness was experienced in both legs and arms. Pt also reports difficulty walking, metallic taste.
Received flu shot at approximately 3PM - awoke 3AM with a swollen, red throat. Administered FIRAZYR to self to stop laryngeal attack. Also developed hives on upper left arm at and around shot site.
Shot given 10/20/15 first symptom - (R) knee joint on 10/21/15, (R) ankle joint. 10/23/15 (R) ankle joint. 10/24/15 both ankles no weight bearing - admitted to ER then hospital 10-24-15.
Tachycardia and fever of 102.
Patient did not recognize her own dog, then didn't know who she was.  Taken by husband to ER and was admitted for transient global amnesia.  Symptoms resolved by the next day and she was discharged.  All testing reported negative by patient, but I do not have any hospital records at this time. Of note, patient did have her initial dose of Augmentin 875 mg and Sudafed 30 mg at 3:00 PM that day, 1 hour prior to onset of symptoms.
None stated.
Continuous vomiting, body pain, lightheaded, severe chills, abdominal pain, bronchitis, hypertension, pancreatic levels elevated, vaginal bleeding, confusion, trouble speaking and understanding, shortness of breath, severe fatigue, no appetite.
Patient received FLUZONE in our outpatient center- had office visit only, so received IM injection in MD area. Patient called 2 hours later stating tongue swelling, cough, and throat itching. Instructed to take BENADRYL and go to the ED. Patient was admitted. Waiting to hear condition.
Patient called pharmacy and complained of having trouble breathing/not feeling well. Pharmacist suggested she go to the hospital immediately. According to husband, she was admitted around 9PM to the hospital. She stayed one night on 11/4 and will stay at least 11/5 for one night for further observations.
Progressive hypernatremia to 180, with severe mental status changes.
Guillain-Barre syndrome (severe weakness, numbness in all 4 extremities, worst in legs, hospitalized, given 5 d IVIG).
This spontaneous report as received from a pharmacist refers to a 16-year-old female patient. The patient's pertinent medical history was not reported. The patient had no drug reactions or allergies. On 31-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with GARDASIL or GARDASIL 9 (dose, route of administration, frequency and lot# were not reported). Concomitant therapies included influenza virus vaccine (unspecified), fluoxetine, albuterol sulfate (manufacturer unknown), fluticasone and ondansetron (manufacturer unknown). On 01-NOV-2015, the patient was admitted to the hospital because she experienced vomiting, shortness of breath and chest pain after she received two vaccines. Prior being admitted to the hospital, the patient self-administered EPIPEN to herself. At the time of the report, the patient was stable and recovering after receiving unspecified treatment in the hospital. The causality between the events and the suspect vaccines was not reported. The reporter considered the events to be life threatening and medically significant. Additional information has been requested.
Dizziness, sweating, itchiness, nausea, tongue swelling. Given Epi, Benadryl and a steroid and kept in observation over night. Discharged and ended up back at ER same night because of itching and swelling of the tongue. Extreme Dizziness and itching still present on 11/08/2015.
Approx. 2 hrs after shot throat felt like it was closing up.
Vaccine administered 10/14/15. Patient admitted to hospital, on 10/17/15 - 10/20/15. Diagnosed with Guillain-Barre. Patient admitted to hospital 10/21/15 - 10/23/15 for side effects of treatment medications.
24 hrs after receiving the High-Dose flu shot, pt complained of a severe headache. He had 3 seizures in the next 5 hrs. Pt seen in ER x2 and remained in hosp 48 hrs.
Patient experienced severe tachycardia 4 hrs receiving the flu shot. Was in the ER.
Pt received Tdap, Flu and HPV shots. Immediately after 3rd shot (HPV) pt c/o not feeling well, then had approx 10 seconds of tonic-clonic seizure activity, and became unresponsive. She woke up about 30 sec. later, confused and mildly combative. She was diaphoretic, c/o bad headache. B/P 160/94 P 88 O2 sat 84%. O2 applied, drank water, v/s improved: 129/84 P 66 O2 sat 99%. Pt c/o hands tingling, pounding H/A weepy and confused. Sent to ER.
Acute onset transverse myelitis with lower extremity paralysis and loss of bowel/bladder control 4 days after high dose flu vaccine FLUZONE High Dose.
Patient received FLUARIX (Lot # 25N22) on 4 Nov 2015. Began to experience lower extremity weakness/tingling and low back pain on 07 Nov 2015. Reported to ED and admitted to hospital for treatment of Guillain-Barre Syndrome. Pt. is still under treatment.
Brain Hemorrhage.
Had stroke 20 days after flu shot. Prior to Oct. 10-2015 I was active and in good health, driving and doing all the shopping plus charity work, gardening and canning and freezing all summer, life was good then on Sept. 21-2015 I got the flu shot and 20 days later I had a stroke on the left side and was in the hospital 13 days, prior to that I always had low blood pressure and still don't have clogged arteries, no strokes in my family history. I always got my flu shot every year but not like the one they gave me this year. The medicine I was taking at the time before I got the shot SYNTHROID 75 mg 1 tablet a day, RELAFEN 500 mg 1 a day, omega 3 fish oil 2 a day, lutein 25 mg 1 a day, multi. vit 1 a day liquid calcium 600 mg daily, B-12 injection 1 cc each, estrogen 1/2 tablet daily. Now I'm on COUMADIN 10 mg daily and blood pressure 1/2 tablet daily. I can't walk, cook, clean or do much of nothing. I'm getting therapy at home 4 times a week I'm not able to go to them. I thought you needed to know what happened to me after the flu shot. I am allergic to statin drugs.
Severe arm pain within 4 hrs. I was grossly bedridden (all severe reactions x 10) headache severe plus all flu symptoms severe bedridden up and about 1 1/2 days then very severe pain body.
Severe difficulty breathing, seemed unable to absorb oxygen plus cough, chills, & fever. Albuterol inhaler helped breathing + acetaminophen & diphenhydramine for other symptoms. Very scary & would have gone to ER (1 hour away) if inhaler had failed. Fully resolved the next AM.
Had swelling of tongue and face, difficulty breathing. Was driven to the Emergency Room where she received epinephrine, Benadryl, and Solumedrol.
Guillain-Barre syndrome. Week after flu shot developed fever/sore throat which lasted about week then developed numbness in fingertips - progressed to neuromuscular weakness, respiratory SOB.
Loss of vision in one eye, loss of consciousness, report of seizure activity by husband, night sweats.
Patient had severe demyelination in the brainstem following the vaccination and presented with weakness, parasthesia, paralysis of eye muscles, jaw clonus, double vision, severe ataxia and inability to swallow and trouble breathing.
Patient received vaccination (FLUVIRIN from Novartis) on 11/5 9:15AM after 10 min he walked to his car with his son but blacked out and fainted. He states that he drove himself to hospital across the st. and was hospitalized 2 days. Pt would not provide details of treatment but stated that he received blood thinner.
Patient received Flu shot on October 20 and became ill the same day. He was vomiting and shivering. He died the day after receiving Flu shot.
My shot reacted from a pneumonia shot. I end up in the hospital 5 days. It messed my whole body up.
Upper arm pain with limited movement. Activities of daily living hindered. It started at about 2 hours after administration. Took Ibuprofen, but has not had much of an impact on pain. I am unable to sleep on my side or lift my arm. ROM is limited. I continue to be in pain.
Itching of eyes, ears, nose & throat, followed by mild anaphylatic episodes.
15-20 min complex febrile seizure requiring hospitalization and administration of midazolam intranasal by paramedics to break seizure. MRI and EEG obtained and were normal.
Day 1: Fever in evening. Day 2: Lost appetite, could not keep down TYLENOL, had severe diarrhea. Day 3: Patient given IMMODIUM by spouse. Day 4: 911 called; Blood sugar was 17; Taken to ER and waited 7 hours. Now in ICU for Sepsis.
States arrived at hotel approximately 6pm, having chills with headache that continued to worsen without temperature going up but not checked. Ambulance was called and he was taken to Hosp evaluated and admitted.
PA from hospital called store and told Rph that pt admitted w/Guillain Barre to fill out VAERS. PA complied.
The morning after flu vaccination, he had fever, headache, and tiredness. He developed a dry cough by the 2nd day. All these symptoms continued and worsened until he was bedridden on the 4th day. On the 5th day, he went to urgent care because symptoms worst of any day and fever 104 degrees. His physician ordered labs and he was admitted to the hospital that evening. He had elevated liver enzymes, low WBC, and low platelets. They ran tests for 2 days with none of them positive.  He was released on the 3rd day with no answers.
I was 38 weeks pregnant. My baby's heart stopped beating. He was pronounced dead less than 24hrs after I got the flu shot.
PATIENT REPORTEDLY HAD 102 FEVER. NAUSEA/ VOMITING. DIFFICULTY BREATHING. SPENT 2 DAYS IN HOSPITAL.
Patient believes that he has Guillain-Barre Syndrome from the Fluzone HD that he received from us.
7:50 Flu shot given. 7:52 -> chest tightness, breathing, dizzy, red flush skin. EPIPEN 0.3mg injected at 752PM and called paramedics. Pt ok after 1st dose of EPIPEN.
Woke up in the morning and had difficulty standing.  Went to facility around 10:00 AM.  Was referred to another facility.  Arrived there at 3:00 PM and was unable to walk at all.  Used a wheelchair to get into facility.  Was admitted with a diagnosis of Guillain Barre Syndrome.  Remained at facility for 6 days and received IV/IG treatment for 6 days.  Was then transferred to hospital and remain there today 11/20/2015.  Receiving IV/IG treatment twice weekly and getting physical therapy.  Still cannot stand or walk.
Both legs started going numb a few days later. Numbness has been gradually ascending. About that same time noted her hands felt numb and her arms feel heavy. Legs started to hurt after a few more days from about the knee level down. Having trouble with weakness in legs. Able to walk for short distances.
GENERALIZED FEVER AND MALAISE ESCALATED RAPIDLY TO 104.5-104.9 FEVER. PROFUSE SHAKING, SHORTNESS OF BREATH, DIZZINESS. ATTEMPTED HOSPITALIZATION BY VISITING ER THAT COULD NOT SEE ME FOR HOURS. I RETURNED HOME WITHOUT SEEING ANY MD. I  SUBMERGED MY HEAD IN COLD WATER IN ATTEMPT TO PREVENT NEUROLOGICAL AND TISSUE DAMAGE DUE TO DANGEROUSLY HIGH TEMPERATURE.  1000MG OF TYLENOL & 800MG IBUPROFEN TAKEN Q6-8H.
General weakness, unable to walk in ICU Dx Guillain-Barre syndrome.
Reported to our facility that was admitted to Hospital approximately 3 wks ago for Guillain Barre. Transferred this week to another hospital.
Bad headache, fever, severe chills, weakness, rapid heartbeat  This lasted until approximately 8:00 PM.
This is a spontaneous report from a contactable pharmacist communicated to a Pfizer colleague. A 72-years-old male patient of an unspecified ethnicity started to receive PREVNAR 13, via an unspecified route of administration on 30Oct2015 at single dose in arm and high dose influenza vaccine, via an unspecified route of administration on 30Oct2015 in arm. The patient medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. Approximately a week later patient reported bleeding at injection site, and injection site reaction described as a lump the size of a goose egg, reporter thinks it was 06Nov2015, but was unsure. The patient was admitted 2 weeks later to the hospital. He suffered a vagal nerve response and 'weird heart things'. Vagal response did not start on date of injection. The patient stated his heart stopped 4 times in the ambulance. He was still in the hospital. The outcome of 'weird heart things' and injection site reaction described as a lump the size of a goose egg was not recovered. The outcome of vagal nerve response, bleeding at injection site, and heart stopped was unknown.
Patient called and spoke to the store manager on 10/26 and said she was just discharged from the hospital. She said her face blew up because of the flu shot. Hospital ran various tests and nothing seem wrong. She refused to speak to a pharmacist.
The day after patient received the Prevnar 13 her arm became red and swollen. Over the next few days it turned purple and she developed fever and generalized weakness. She presented the hospital on 11/2 with a temp of 100.8 and was admitted. Pt's symptoms improved and was discharged 11/6/15. She presented to our clinic on 11/19/15. Her arm was healed. She still was weak, but improving.
Right foot numbness followed three days later by left foot numbness. Progressed up her left thigh. Followed by upper extremity weakness with bulbar involvement (left facial nerve).
Mini stroke symptoms. Loss of strength in limbs. Current treatment with steroids.
Pt reports bilateral leg and arm weakness and numbness--felt like pins and needles.  Per neuro note, pt had Ascending paralysis, areflexic; required IVIG administration x 5days.  As of 11/24/15, pt still with deficits (severely disabled per Rehab MD note) and will be going to a rehab facility today for acute inpt rehab.
Soreness, redness, 10/30/2015 temp of 102.9, 10/31/2015 continued temp, shortness of breath, unable to move arm, red and swollen. Admitted to hospital 10/31/2015, treated for possible cellulitis with vancomycin by 11/02/2015 kidneys going into renal failure, stopped vancomycin and any thing else affecting kidneys. Kidneys continued to worsen also treated with Benadryl for allergic reaction. Determined no cellulitis just allergic reaction, acute renal failure, remained in hospital treating allergic reaction and renal failure until 11/15/2015 when kidneys were now on a downward trend and repairing themselves. Signs of allergic reaction are also gone. As of 11/24/2015, still at home resting on renal diet. Unable to work now for over 3 weeks due to flu vaccine. Also pneumonia shot given at the same time, I have had this before about 20 years ago. I have never received a flu vaccine before.
Short term memory loss, tiredness, headache, muscle pain.
Pt had trouble breathing about an hour after injection. Husband was going to take her to ER, but pt couldn't move out of chair. Pt was taken by ambulance and hospitalized x 2 days. She had a drop in BP and was treated for anaphylaxis. Pt is doing fine and at home now.
On 11/5 I felt stiffness in the evening. About 2:00 AM on 11/6 I awoke with severe pain over entire body and inability to lift either leg off of bed. Was transported to ER via ambulance and admitted. Was catheterized and given IV - also developed violent migraine. Temp of 100.9. Discharged on 11/7 with limitation in TKR.
4 days of ascending weakness and paresthesias in the setting of a recent flu vaccination and shoulder pain. She has now developed severe syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone with dramatic hyponatremia over the past 48 hours. This is a described complication of Guillain- Barre syndrome.
Dad reports tics 12 hours after flu vaccine, progressed in frequency and severity went to ER on 11.20.15 admit and d/c same day, saw neurologist.
Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 12 November 2015. This case involves an 81-year-old female patient, who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number: unknown, dose, dose in series, route and site of administration was not reported) on 04 November 2015 at 10:00 AM. The patient denied illness at the time of vaccination and pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions. On 04 November 2015, same day of vaccination, patient experienced shortness of breath and tachycardia in the evening. On 05 November 2015, patient presented to Emergency room in the morning and was admitted for three days (discharge date was not reported). Laboratory investigations was not reported and patient was treated with Metoprolol 25 mg daily. The outcome of the events was reported as unknown. Documents held by sender: none.
At 1am all muscles, inc. throat, started tightening up, chills, by morning I was completely paralyzed.  I could only lay and use the bathroom, I could barely move.  For the next 3 weeks, I suffered severe fatigue. I didn't move my bowels til day 9 and they were gray.  For the next 7 weeks, I only moved my bowels 6 times, w/ severe constipation, and Ive been regular my whole life. When I did attempt to do anything, I couldn't breathe. I put a call in to my Dr. cause it was so bad that while doing the dishes I sound like I ran up 10 flights of stairs.  She sent me to hospital, shocked by my breathing on the phone, and order a complete workup again.  Iwas also severely dizzy and nauseous all the time.  When I lay completely still, I was ok so I had to do that.  I couldn't work or take part in anything called life.  At hospital echo, EKG, lung xray, head, all done and found to be perfectly healthy.  They couldn't identify why I was so sick.  I knew exactly and tried to tell them.  One night in hospital I got up to take off the sheet and my blood pressure must have skyrocketed, cause anything I did w/ my upper body, I could not breathe and they rushed in.  My breathing is still not normal.  I was very aerobically fit.  Walked dogs everyday 3 - 4 mile.  Now even at a resting position, my breathing is not normal.  Went to pulmonary testing and she said I had trouble getting air out.  Neurologists speculate that I have a rare auto immune infection from the flu shot.  I have been so nauseous and dizzy that I have vomited in the last 10mos. more than my whole adult life, when I'm driving I have to pull over etc. neurologist sent me to vestibular testing saying that that part of my brain was damaged due to the initial attack.  I have an appt. w/ vng testing now coming up, and have had to file for disability etc.
Neck pain and in back of head, twitching hands, dizzy, nauseous, cold feeling, fever, feeling very weak. Patient was admitted for meningitis symptoms. All tests came back negative.
Patient reports that 10 days after receiving vaccine, he developed tingling sensation in his palms and soles of foot that extended to fingers and toes, followed by weakness in his LE. Patient reports no other symptoms. Patient was evaluated in inpatient setting, started on IVIG, and symptoms began to improve immediately after first dose.
Guillain Barre Syndrome, while traveling; developed diarrhea followed by ascending weakness - required mechanical ventilation.
caught a bad cold soon after I was vaccinated, and when the cold was slightly over. It left me with severe pain inside my rib cage spreading to my back. The doctor did tests. They found I had damage to my liver. I wanted to report about the Flu shot that was given to me. I went to the emergency room and my doctor about this. They told me they don't think my condition came from the Flu shot. They did not run any special tests to prove that it didn't. I know I never had anything wrong with my liver before. I don't drink or smoke. I know I did develop this problem until after I was given the Flu shot.
Began with lethargy, progressed to post vaccine vzv. Severe generalized rash with hundreds of large crusting lesions. My daughter was hospitalized and placed on IV acyclovir and antibiotics. This reaction was more severe than any normal chicken pox case.
Patients caretaker reported he was hospitalized the day after with pneumonia and a stroke. Not sure if they are related as history shows pt. tolerated flu shot in the past.
This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 18-Nov-2015) concerns a 50 year-old male patient who received Afluria 2014/2015 on 11-Nov-2014 (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch 0986-26901) and had been tolerated. On 06-Nov-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 098629401) on the left upper arm, via the intramuscular route, for prophylactic vaccination. On 06-Nov-2015, 1 day after the vaccination, the patient developed an autoimmune mediated tendonitis of the left side neck muscles which lasted for 9 days. The patient was hospitalised. Diagnosis was confirmed by MRT (magnetic resonance tomography) of the cervical spine and liquor puncture. Meningitis was excluded diagnosis. Outpatient treatment afterwards was required. The outcome was recovered on 14-Nov-2015. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the case as serious (hospitalisation). Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Hospitalisation. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine, and the Afluria PI, tendonitis and autoimmune disorder are both unlisted. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is same day of vaccination. There was no description of clinical presentation and findings on MRI were not specified. More importantly it is not known if there was a recent history of trauma, overuse, poor neck posture which are more common cause of tendonitis and or pain in neck muscle.  Tendons are not highly vascular structures hence there is lack of biological plausibility that explains influenza vaccine in causation of autoimmune inflammation as is the case with nerve inflammation/neuritis.  In this case causality is considered possible only due to temporal association and absence of other causes for tendonitis.
Developed seizure activity. Admitted to hospital and treated with anti-convulsant. MRI normal. Spinal tap with 15 WBC. HSV and EV PCR negative. Acyclovir discontinued.  Discharged but readmitted to another hospital with new seizure activity and ataxia as well as mild mental status change. Repeat MRI negative. Repeat lumbar puncture with continued 11 WBC. Repeat HSV PCR negative. Adenovirus PCR From nasopharyngeal swab positive but CSF negative. Required multiple anti-convulsant to control seizure and discharged on combination anticonvulsant therapy.
I got the new vaccine on October 13th and have numbness and tingle on hands and feet.
Seen 11/4 in ER. End of October developed numbness in hands and feet (seen 11/5 sx x 1 wk). Returned 11/9 with paresthesia - unable to walk - sent to ER and admitted to Medical Center. Diagnosed with Guillain-Barre Syndrome. Discharged to rehab 11/16 and released 11/25. Seen in office 12/3.
LOSS OF CONSCIOUSNESS FOR 18 HOURS. HOSPITALIZED FOR LACK OF ABILITY TO COMMUNICATE AND MOVE.
Abdominal pain, back pain, lethargy, extreme weakness, no appetite, fevers, tremor in hands, inability to stand or walk. Patient was hospitalized 3 times so far since this vaccine was administered.  Endless tests have shown little except continuous elevated WBC, sed rate and CRP blood past 6 weeks, MRI of brain and spine showed white matter lesions consistent with ADEM and possible transverse myelitis.
Initial unsolicited report received from a pharmacist via other company (Pfizer) on 24 November 2015. Manufacturing control number - 2015393559. This case involves a 72-year-old male patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HIGH DOSE (batch number, expiration date, dose, dose number and route of administration were not reported) in arm and a dose of PREVNAR 13 (batch number, expiration date, dose, dose number and route of administration were not reported) in the arm on 30 October 2015. Both vaccines administered together but in different arms. The patient's medical history and concomitant medication were not reported. On an unspecified day in November 2015, few days following the vaccination, the patient developed an injection site reaction described as a lump the size of a goose egg. On an unspecified date, the patient also suffered from vagal nerve response and developed weird heart things and heart stopped. Approximately a week later patient reported bleeding at injection site, reporter thought it occurred on 6 November 2015, but was unsure. It was reported that, patient stated his heart stopped four times in the ambulance, caller is unclear regarding these details. On an unspecified date, the patient was hospitalized two weeks later vaccination and he was still in hospital. Laboratory investigations and corrective treatment were not reported.  The patient was recovering from the events of weird heart things, injection site reaction described as a lump the size of a goose egg and; however the outcome of the event of bleeding at injection site, vagal nerve response and heart stopped were unknown. List of documents held by sender: none.
Dizzy - fever - swollen arm went to hospital and dr office after hospital.
Unable to use left arm.  Lost feeling and control of arm.  Same arm as injection of pneumonia and influenza vaccines.  Went to hospital, it was a stroke.  Still has little control or feeling in fingers of left hand.
Patient reports vertically misaligned vision; unable to touch nose with finger with or without eyes open; other stroke-like symptoms; incontinence; extreme lethargy; very impaired mobility.
This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 25-Nov-2015) concerns a 52 year-old female patient. On 08-Oct-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 0986-29801) via the intramuscular route for influenza immunisation. On 02-Nov-2015, 26 days after the vaccination, the patient developed visual acuity reduced in the right eye, lasting for unknown. The patient was hospitalised. The outcome was not recovered at the time of reporting. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the case as serious (involved or prolonged inpatient hospitalisation). Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Involved or prolonged inpatient hospitalisation. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCDS for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria, reduced visual acuity is unlisted. Causality: Unassessable. Time to onset is 3 weeks following administration of Influenza vaccination. There are several causes of reduced vision which include infection/inflammation, vasculitis, trauma to eye and optic nerve disease. In context of Influenza vaccination, Optic neuritis and or encephalomyelitis should be considered as visual loss can be a presenting symptom of both. Patient's age in her 50's makes first onset of multiple sclerosis less likely. Further information such as medical history of autoimmune disorder, diabetes, hypertension, smoking, risk factors for retinal detachment and results of investigation into cause of visual deterioration (MRI brain and Optic nerve) etc. are required. There is insufficient information for causality assessment.
Patient reported waking up not able to hear out of his left ear 3 days after his FLUVIRIN injection. Pt has since been to 2 specialists and had 2 cortisone injections without any success in restoring his hearing.
Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 25 November 2015. This case involves a 69-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number: UI477AA, expiration date: 20 May 2015, dose, dose number, route and site of administration were not reported) on 15 October 2015. The patient did not have known drug allergy. Concomitant medication was not reported. On 15 October 2015, few hours following the vaccination, the patient was feeling very bad, lost consciousness, severe shaking, vomiting and elevated temperature. On 15 October 2015, the patient's neighbor took her to the hospital. The patient required ER or doctor visit. It was reported that in hospital patient continued to have shaking, vomiting, elevated temperature, times in which lost consciousness, low blood pressure and she felt almost died. Laboratory investigations and corrective treatment were reported. The outcome of the event was unknown. List of documents held by sender: none.
DIZZINESS, SLURRED SPEECH, WEAKNESS TO THE POINT OF NEEDING ASSISTANCE. UNBALANCED, HOSPITALIZATION, TESTS ALL NEGATIVE.
He entered one hospital first. Was out for 4 days. Then was taken to second Hospital where he still is mostly unresponsive. They had him in CCU for 18 days. He is now on the Medical floor. Has a trach and a feeding tube. He is at 37 days and counting in the second facility.
Patient went to hospital with pericarditis.
Lower extremity weakness noticed on 12/05/15, 6 days following 6 month immunizations including flu. Diagnosed with longitudinal transverse myelitis from C4-T2. Infectious etiologies mostly ruled out at time of report. NMO and oligoclonal bands still pending. Responding quite well symptomatically on day 3 of steroid burst. Considering IVIG.
Guillain Barre syndrome.
Weakness and limited mobility in right arm (IM injection in right deltoid).
Patient started having a couple of symptoms on this date--diarrhea, falling, blackouts, leg weakness and was unable to walk.  He did not go to the hospital until 11/29.  They sent him home and he went back on 11/30 when they called in a neurologist.  He was then diagonsed with Guillain Barre syndrome at that time.  This was not reported to the pharmacy until today, 12/15/15.  The patient is now recovering in a rehabilitation facility.
Initial unsolicited report received from a Pharmacist on 05-Oct-2015. This case involves a male patient (age was not reported) who was vaccinated with a intramuscular third dose of FLUZONE HD (batch number- UI478AB, expiry date- 09-May-2016 and site of administration was reported as unknown) on 01-Oct-2015. It was reported that patient received two previous doses of vaccinations. Patients illness at the time of vaccination was reported as unknown. Pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions included Amoxicillin and VICODIN as previous drugs. Other medical history and concomitant medications were not reported. On 02-Oct-2015, next day after vaccination, the patient experienced painful redness on both hands and feet which got worsened on 03-Oct-2015. Patient required ER/doctor visit. Laboratory investigations and corrective treatments were not reported. At the time of this report, the patient was not recovered from the events. Follow-up information received from a pharmacist on 04 December 2015. This case involves a 68-years old patient who was vaccinated with a dose of FLUZONE HD in right deltoid. The patient was vaccinated at private doctor's office/hospital. the patient's pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions reported as allergic to amoxicillin causing faintness, allergic to VICODIN causing chest discomfort, diabetes, cardiomyopathy, hypotension and hyperlipidemia. Concomitant medications included Aspirin, Furosemide, Lisinopril, Pravastatin, and Triamcinolone topically. On an unknown date, following the vaccination, the patient was diagnosed with erythema multiforme after developing painful planus and palmos lesions. The patient had ER visit on 03 October 2015 and was admitted to hospital. It was reported that there was no changes in diet, medications and furosemide was stopped during hospitalization due to reports of erythema multiforme with it. On 06 October 2015, the patient was discharged from the hospital in stable condition. The patient was previously vaccinated with FLUZONE HD in 2013 and 2014 with no reaction. On 04 October 2015, C-reactive protein was 88.5. On an unknown date, the patient was recovered from the events. The reporter assessed the causal relationship with suspect vaccine as related by temporal history. Documents held by sender: none.
Later in the afternoon had fever, bad headache and loss of appetite. On 10/9 similar issues which continued through 10/10. Was eating although not hungry on 10/10 when eating reached for glass of water and passed out with no notice/warning. Did not feel dizzy ar all before passing out. Woke up on floor and realized was on the floor and passed out again. The next time that woke up got up and went to get his oxygen. Realized had hurt hand and elbow on the blood. Daughter took him to ER since he was bleeding. The admitted him and did CAT and heart test. Left hospital on 10/11 because he did not like care. The doctors wanted him to stay. On the week of October 12th - 16th went to Primary Care doctor who gave him orders for an ultrasound on 10/21 and 10/22 an MRI. Went back to doctor for results and everything was clear. No other aes so far. Decided to report because saw story on TV about hospitalization associated with pneumonia vaccine.
Hard to breathe as throat swelled up so much it was hard to get air inhaled and exhaled. Numbness in left arm and chest. It resembled a heart attack. Extreme muscle, joint and nerve pain. Has had the intense muscle, joint and nerve pain constantly after the flu shot.
This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 08-Dec-2015) concerns an 8 year-old male patient. On 01-Dec-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 30149421B, first dose) via the intramuscular route on the left upper arm for prophylactic vaccination. On 02-Dec-2015, 2 days after the vaccination, the patient developed fever up to 40 degrees, strongest headache, pain in limb, impaired vision/visual disturbance, left corner of the mouth droops a little, and dizziness. The duration of the impaired vision was 5 hours. The patient also had swelling in the face. The patient was hospitalised and the condition was not life threatening. The diagnostic investigation was ongoing. The outcome was not recovered at the time of reporting. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The health authority assessed the case as serious (hospitalisation). Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness: Serious. Hospitalisation. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information all events are unlisted except for headache and pyrexia. Causality: Possible.  Systemmic symptoms of headache, fever , dizziness, and pain in extermity, if in the context of the vaccinated limb, have been observed for influenza vaccination. Determining causality for visual disturbance and facial drooping requires more relevant medical data and diagnosis.  Taking a conservative approach, causality is considered possible in relation to vaccination due to temporal association and no other risk factors being specified.
Acute jaundice and signs of acute liver failure. Now listed for liver transplant.
Influenza vaccine administered on 11/13/15. Guillain-Barre Syndrome began Dec. 1st 2015. Hospitalized x 2 12/6-12/8 and 12/10 - present.
Pt received influenza and Tdap vaccine on 11/16. Pt arrived to ER on 12/12 and diagnosed with Guillain-Barre Syndrome = DPH notified.
Guillain Barre Syndrome requiring IVIG and plasmapheresis treatment.
Initial symptoms include worsening fevers, fatigue, and muscle weakness that required hospitalization since 11/30/15. Currently still hospitalized at this time with pending inpatient rehab facility placement.
She described a soreness in her arm as well as malaise, soon developed redness, more severe pain in her arm approx. 4cm below the injection site. This worsened over the next few days. She visited an ER 4 days after the injection due to severe left arm pain and fever, severe malaise/fatigue. She was diagnosed with cellulitis and treated with IV antibiotics. 1-2 days afterwards she felt much better and the pain started to subside as well as her malaise/fever/fatigue. At this time she has minor left arm soreness and only a slight redness to the skin.
On Oct. 8 received Flu vaccine. On Oct 12, lost most hearing left ear. Diagnosed by ENT w/Idiopathic Sensorineural Sudden Hearing loss. Treated w cortisone, oral and intratympanic.
Pain in back of left knee 8 hours after Flu vaccine injection. Pain and noticeable swelling in left calf by morning. Severe pain upon walking and standing. Saw Dr on 11/17/2015; he sent me to radiology at Medical Center where a blood clot (DVT) was detected in left leg from calf to groin. Admitted into Emergency Room immediately. Treated with LOVENOX and oral warfarin. 4 days in hospital. XARELTO prescribed.
I took shot at pharmacy, done fine for about 3 hours, could not swallow, breathing fast, saliva running down my chin, I called Dr. next day and pharmacy made appt. to go in. Laid in bed for 3 days. I get shot every year a pharmacy - same one never hurt me before something in this shot that will kill me.
Child died while sleeping. No reported evidence of illness prior to death.
2 weeks after vaccines given - muscular weakness, distal hypertonicity of limbs, suspected tetanus. The patient presents with bilateral, lower extremity, altered gait and altered coordination. The onset was 1 weeks ago. The course/duration of symptoms is constant and worsening. The character of symptoms is weakness, off-balance and increased muscle tone/contracture. The degree at present is moderate. Risk factors consist of none. Prior episodes: none. Therapy today: none. Associated symptoms: none. Baseline status: ambulatory. Patient sent to the ED by PCP after evaluating patient this AM and then speaking with pediatric neurologist Dr. Patient presents with gait abnormality, LE stiffness for approximately 1-2 weeks, which has gotten progressively worse. Parents noted that they thought they observed abnormalities last week, but weren't fully aware of the situation until they received a call from patient's teacher who had observed his altered gait on the playground at school. Parents stated that patient was able to engage in physical activity throughout the week, but they grew particularly concerned yesterday. After a physically active day at a farm yesterday, patient was unable to walk after his evening bath, and was observed crawling/dragging his body. Patient is not in any pain, and does not note any discomfort. When asked where he feels weak, he points to his achilles tendon. Mom also notes that she has heard an occasional cough, which patient states his sister gave to him. Mom states that patient is up to date on his vaccinations, where he received his 3 shots at the end of September.
Patient received High Dose influenza vaccine approximately 2 weeks ago from PCP. Family reports developed dizziness sometime after vaccine administration and subsequently seen by ENT provider. Admitted to Medical Center 11/13/15 for possible stroke. On 11/17/15 seen by ID diagnosed with severe encephalitis. Hospital MRI of brain unavailable due to patient's large size. CSF with 24 WBCs, 97% lymphocytes, protein 91, glucose 58 on 11/15/15. CSF HSV PCR negative. Additional tests in process include PPD, heavy metal screen, Arbor virus serologies, serum cryptococcal antigen, HIV test. Prognosis very guarded to poor. Consider possible ADR flu vaccine-report FDA.
Pt developed acute weakness and pain in both legs prompting admission to hospital 10/25/15 - 11/6/15 MRI brain normal.
This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 14-Dec-2015) concerns a 60 year-old male patient. On 12-Nov-2015, the patient received Afluria 2015/2016 (Influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number 0986-31601) via the intramuscular route on the right upper arm for prophylactic vaccination. On 02-Dec-2015, 21 days after vaccination, the patient developed oculomotor paresis on right side. The patient was hospitalised. On an unspecified date, the patient had nuclear magnetic resonance imaging (result: absent, unit: NA) and CSF test (cerebrospinal fluid test) (result: normal, unit: NA).  Treatment included manual: therapy, e.g. antiphlogistic drugs. The diagnosis/suspected diagnosis was supported by the following tests: MRT (magnetic resonance tomography), Cranial Nerve III, right [illegible]. The outcome was not recovered at the time of reporting. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The event required outpatient treatment and hospitalization. The event was not life threatening. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness: Serious. Hospitalization. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information, the event is unlisted. Causality: Possible. The event occurred with 21 days of vaccination. Paresis of cranial nerves may be secondary to immune-mediated reactions induced by the vaccine but literature on the mechanistic evidence for this is lacking. Furthermore, there is paucity of data to conclude causality, such as information on any other possible etiologies. In the absence of MRI findings, other causes of oculomotor paresis are preceding infection, autoimmune, hormonal or vascular diseases.
Extreme pain at injection site upon injection, pain at injection 24/7 since injection.
Patient suffered sudden death based on his wife's statement. The event occurred 24 hours after the vaccine administration. There has been no medical examination to determine the cause of death or to establish relation to vaccine.
Initial unsolicited report received from a physician via Pfizer-sponsored interventional study on 10-Dec-2015. Manufacturer Report Number: 2015378599. The case involves a 65-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a 0.5 ml intramuscular injection single dose of FLUZONE on 16-Oct-2015 at approximately 14:00 hours. The patient also received blinded therapy with non company drug however this product was not coded as it a non sponsored study. Patient's medical history included hypertension and hyperlipidemia both since Jan-2008, coronary artery disease (CAD) and atherosclerosis since 23-Mar-2009, herniated lumbar disc since 1990, insomnia since 1969 all were ongoing, a myocardial infarction with stenting on 23-Mar-2009, cholecystitis with cholecystectomy in 1989, alcoholism from 2000 to 2002 and hemorrhagic stroke from 11-Sep-2015 to 15-Sep-2015 and intermittent bilateral lower extremity edema from 27-May-2015 to 20-Sep-2015. The patient also had oedema peripheral from 27-May-2015 to 20-Sep-2015. Concomitant medications included Atorvastatin since 24-Oct-2013 from hyperlipidemia, Ibuprofen since 1990 for herniated lumbar disc, acetaminophen and diphenhydramine both since 1990 for insomnia, Trazodone since 22-May-2015 for insomnia, Lisinopril since 08-May-2015, Amlodipine since 13-Sep-2015 and Metoprolol tartrate since 14-Sep-2015 all three for hypertension, Furosemide since 11-Jun-2015 for intermittent bilateral lower extremity edema, and aspirin since 14-Sep-2015 for atherosclerosis all are ongoing. On 16-Oct-2015, at approximately 16:00-16:30 hours, the subject developed epigastric abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhea and was hospitalized on the same day. The event term was reported as acute pancreatitis. On 16-Oct-2015, upon arrival to the emergency room blood was collected and she was noted to have elevated lipase level at 2165 IU/L and 941 IU/L on 17-Oct-2015. On 17-Oct-2015, no acute findings were noted on the abdominal ultrasound and CAT scan. Patient received treatment with ZOFRAN 4 mg and Fentanyl 25 mg on 16-Oct 2015 and Famotidine 20 mg on 17-Oct-2015. The patient was discharged from the hospital on 17-Oct-2015 considered recovered on the same date. There was no action taken with the study medication in response to the event. The investigator reported there was not a reasonable possibility that the event, acute pancreatitis was related to the study medication or clinical trial procedure but was related to the concomitant drug, influenza virus vaccine polyvalent. Case Comment: In agreement with the investigator the company considered there was not a reasonable possibility that the event acute pancreatitis was related to the study medication or clinical trial procedure. The concomitant drug, influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, may provide a plausible explanation for the event. The follow-up information received does not alter the previous company clinical evaluation. List of documents held by  sender: none.
This is a spontaneous report from a contactable consumer reporting for herself. A 72-year-old female patient received of PREVENAR 13 and Flu, both on 18Nov2015 at single dose. Medical history and concomitant medications were not provided. Patient took pneumonia vaccine in the past. The patient's arm was itchy and she had a little fever on an unknown date after the vaccination. She also had some tenderness and redness. Patient was hospitalized due to fever, tenderness and redness. The consumer was treated with acetaminophen for pruritus, no treatment given for fever, tenderness and redness. Events resolved on an unknown date.
Double vision and drooping eyelid.
Throat swelled - went to ER.
5 days after receiving FLUZONE, patient had a seizure at home and was subsequently admitted to hospital. EEG done in hospital showed abnormal activity temporal lobe and she had positive IgM mycoplasma. She was advised to see neurologist and take Rx antiepileptic medicine.
Pt. felt tired days following administration. Pt discomfort increased to heaviness, numbness and pain in extremities. Guillain-Barre syndrome. Treatment - NSAIDS, steroids, pain meds.
Developed cellulitis in left arm.
Numbness and pins and needles sensation in legs that progressed upward. Guillain-BarrT syndrome diagnosed and plasmapheresis received.
3 days after administration patient develops fever and lethargy - ER visit after 4 days hospital admission 7 days after.
This medically confirmed health authority report (initial receipt 21-Dec-2015) concerns a 47-year old male patient. The patient has a medical history of (left) Achilles tendon rupture seven weeks prior for which he received low molecular weight heparin for the prevention of thrombosis until 28-Nov-2015 and was an ongoing smoker at a rate of three cigarettes per day.  On 27-Nov-2015, the patient was vaccinated with Afluria 2015/2015 (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, 0.5 ml dose, batch number: 098629703) via the intramuscular route. On 29-Nov-2015, the patient experienced pulmonary embolism (both sides), thrombosis of the lower right leg and acute dyspnea for which he was hospitalised from 29-Nov-2015 to 07-Dec-2015. The outcome was reported as not recovered. Reporter's Comments: Reporter's comments: The reporter assessed the events as serious (hospitalization) and possible in relation to the suspect drug.  The patient was hospitalised. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: hospitalization. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information, pulmonary embolism, thrombosis of legs and acute dyspnoea are unlisted. Causality: Unrelated. Time to onset is 3 days following vaccination. However patient had history of Achilles tendon rupture seven weeks prior (probable immobility) and was a smoker. Both are risk factors for thrombosis and subsequent embolism. Unlikely pathomechanism linking Influenza vaccination to hypercoagulable state, hence causality is considered unrelated in presence of other more significant risks.
Began with on going high fevers, then was unable to walk to stand, became hypothmeric, and lethargic. Sent to hosp and admitted. Needed spinal tap, and many tests exposing him to much radiation. He is still having hypothermic temperatures and requiring on going tests.
Severe vertigo began 24 hours after flu shot. Pt woke up w/vertigo/dizziness. No nausea/vomiting. Must use a cane to walk now. Got flu vaccine 1 day after testosterone administration.
Admitted to Hospital 12/20/15 acute resp. distress, HTN crisis, facial/cervical numbness. Reported GBS. Intubated, trach and PEG placed, plasma exchanges.
Pt reported infection at injection site.
At onset: stiffness, pain, swelling, redness in arm. Next morning and for 36 hours following: fever, severe pain/stiffness/redness--which was spreading significantly--and swelling in arm. Difficulty in moving or lifting arm. Went to ER morning of Nov. 12 and diagnosed and treated for cellulitis. Kept in hospital for 36 hours for treatment and observation. At end of treatment, attending decided not cellulitis, but cellulitis-like reaction. Redness and swelling in arm remained for another full day.
Vaccine given 10/8/15. Patient's husband states patient had sore arm and neck within 2 days. Dr visit on 10/30/15. Paralysis from neck down.
Started with arm pain that got more and more painful and radiated to fingers and chest. She went into the ER on 1/3/16 in the morning to get chest pain checked out and was admitted to hospital for a day until the following evening to rule out heart attack which was negative.
Upset stomach, weakness, dizziness. Patient drank fluids--broth and Gatorade. Symptoms continued for three days, with severe dizziness reported on third day.
Numbness starting/worse in feet, extending up legs to chest. Incontinence. Poor balance, unsteady gait, two falls. Treatment w steroids and physical therapy (hosp.).
Patient reports that he had a massive gout attack. He said it happened in both legs, and 1 arm. Patient was unable to walk for 2 months. Patient believes the vaccine caused the gout attack.
Intussusception, ileocolic and then on 12/26 small bowel intussusception.
Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer (patient's mother) on 29 December 2015. This case involves a 19-year-old male patient who was vaccinated with an intramuscular dose of FLUZONE (batch number UI450AD, expiration date 30 June 2016, dose and site of administration was not reported) on 18 September 2015. Illness at time of vaccination and pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions were reported as none. On an unspecified date, few days following the vaccination, the patient experienced hypotension,  dehydration, elevated heart rate, pneumonia and diarrhea. The patient required emergency room or physician visit. The patient was admitted in ICU for a week. Lab data were not reported. He was treated with IV fluids steroids and antibiotics. The patient was discharged from hospital on 7 October 2015. The outcome of events was reported as unknown. List of documents held by sender: none.
I started experiencing pain in my back left thigh. I then had pain/tingling in my hands, and some in my feet. The pain in hands became unbearable, as did the pain in my back thighs. I had pain/tingling in my calves, some in my upper arms. The pain was so severe! I have never had such excruciating pain in my life. My hands felt as if they were freezing, but someone touched them, and to the touch, they weren't.  My feel were cold and tingling as well.  I had a little pain in my neck. I couldn't sleep because of the pain and didn't sleep for 5 nights. I was restless and my hands were in so much pain and felt ice cold to me.
Had fever on 12-30-15 - 101 degrees F - mother gave MOTRIN. Went to ER - on 1-2-16 - fever and rash diagnosed as serum sickness, BENADRYL and Ibuprofen was given. 12/30/15 - Received Flu (Influenza vaccine) FLUZONE - UI1515AA Exp - 6/30/16 in her (R) thigh, intramuscular. 12/30/15 - At night got fever, mother gave MOTRIN or Ibuprofen. 12-31-15 - Fever and developed few lesions on her thigh. 1-2-16 - Fever and rash progressed. Went to ER where blood work and chest X Ray was done and sent home - allergic rash. 1-4-16 - Still with fever and swollen eyes - and BENADRYL not working, so steroids - prednisone 15mg/5ml. 5 ml PO BID x 5 days. 1-7-16 - patient was dizzy and not walking right - so was advised to go to ER - went to hospital where blood work was done and diagnosed as serum sickness and advised to continue steroids. 1-8-16 - Doctor called and she said eyes are red but no fever. So thought Kawasaki advised to take to ER (went to ER on 1-10-16) and diagnosed as Kawasaki and IVIG given on 1-11-16 and discharged on 1-12-16. Readmitted on 1-13-16 as fever and aspirin and bld wk.
NUMBNESS BOTTOM LEFT FOOT FROM KNEE TO FOOT. UNABLE KEEP OVERALL BODY BALANCE. CONSTIPATION. UNABLE CONTROL BLADDER.
Flu and diarrhea from 4 to 11 Nov. 12 Nov. numbness in arms and legs. 13 Nov fell while walking, 14 Nov. couldn't stand. 15 Nov. unable to move, taken and admitted to hospital by ambulance.
Case number PHHY2015US173497, is an initial spontaneous report from a physician received on 31 Dec 2015 and forwarded by a company (ADR 2016 00029) on 08 Jan 2016. This report refers to a 54 year old male patient. Historical condition was not reported. The pump implanted on 09 Mar 2005 and 05 Dec 2011. The patient underwent dialysis; inguinal lobectomy in 2009 and neck surgery in 2014. Concurrent conditions included quit tobacco in 2009, spinal cord injury, anemia nec, benign hypertension, chronic kidney disease stage III, diabetes type II NIDDM (non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus), diabetes type II uncontrolled, quality insulin dependent, esophageal reflux, hypertension, kidney disease ben without chronic kidney disease, bronchogenic, obstructive sleep apnea, other constipation neurogenic bowel, panic disorder (episodic paroxysmal anxiety) without agoraphobia, paraplegia, complete with spasticity of muscles, paraplegia complete with spasm, pressure ulcer, pressure ulcer of unspecified site stage 1 on scrotum, pressure ulcer stage IV left ischial tuberosity, renal failure on dialysis, renal osteodystrophy, type 2 diabetes mellitus with other specified complication unspecified kidney failure on dialysis, panic disorder episodic paroxysmal anxiety without agoraphobia, paraplegia, complete thoracic 4, drank alcohol rarely, never used illegal drugs and had drug allergy to SEPTRA and Metformin. The patient received LIORESAL intrathecal ampoule 500 ug/ml for the treatment of intractable spasticity from an unknown date at a dose of 140.03 mcg/day. It was reported that the lot number for the new LIORESAL was DS0092AN11; however the lot number for the LIORESAL involved in the event was unknown. The patient also received FLUVIRIN injection from 12 Dec 2013 at an unknown dose. The patient received FLUZONE on 21 Sep 2015 at an unknown dose. The patient received acetylsalicylic acid (manufacturer unknown) 325 mg for the treatment of an unknown indication from an unknown start date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (one tablet daily) (oral). The patient received atorvastatin tablet 10 mg for the treatment of an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (one tablet daily) (oral). The patient received Bupropion (unknown manufacturer) tablet 75 mg for the treatment of an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, BID (oral). The patient received CALMOSEPTINE for an unknown indication from an unknown date and dose via an unknown route. The patient received gabapentin (unknown manufacturer) capsule 100 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown date and dose via an unknown route. The patient received lisinopril (unknown manufacturer) tablet 40 mg for an unknown from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (oral). The patient received lorazepam (unknown manufacturer) tablet 01 mg for the treatment of panic attacks from 03 Dec 2015 at a dose of 1 DF, QHS (1 tablet, at bedtime as needed) via oral route. The patient received pantoprazole (manufacturer unknown) 40 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown start date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (1 delayed release tablet, daily) via oral route. The patient received calcium (manufacturer unknown) tablet 500 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, BID via oral route. The patient received COLACE capsule 100 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, QD via oral route. The patient received COMBIVENT for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 18 ug to 103 ug/actuation. The patient received NOVOLOG FLEXPEN 100 IU/ml for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 12 IU, TID, subcutaneously. The patient received oxybutynin chloride (unknown indication) extended release tablet 05 mg for an unknown indication from an unknown date at a dose of 1 DF, QD (oral). CT scan was done on Sep 2010, chest, for lung cancer 2009. Test results showed HgbA1c level 6.5 3 months ago and believed he got one at dialysis,
Patient began having breathing issues 3 days after the vaccine.  Was admitted to the hospital and received breathing treatments and steroids.  Full recovery occurred.  The patient reports that the connection to the flu shot was questionable, according to the doctor.
Became very dizzy, light headed, achy, and feverish.
This spontaneous consumer report (initial receipt 13-Jan-2016) concerns a 60 year old female patient. The patient has a medical history of GERD, globus hystericus (reported as 'globus'), diphenhydramine allergy, amoxicillin allergy, hypertension and anxiety.  Prior vaccination with Afluria in Nov or Dec 2014 resulted in hives.  This reaction was treated with diphenhydramine to which she experienced an allergic reaction and was placed on prednisone which helped.  Concomitant medications include nebivolol, ranitidine, alprazolam, pravastatin and vitamin D. On 01-Dec-2015 at 09:30, the patient received Afluria (influenza virus vaccine polyvalent, batch number: unknown) via the intramuscular route for protection against the influenza virus.  On 01-Dec-2015 following influenza vaccination, the patient experienced headache and tiredness.  At 02:00 on 02-Dec-2015, the patient experienced pain in the back of her right leg and tingling on the right side of her face (also reported as occurring on 01-Dec-2015).  That same day, she went into work, was sent to ER/OT and was admitted to hospital for a mild/moderate allergic reaction.  Treatment comprised of prednisone (20 mg for 4 days) due to her diphenhydramine (Benadryl) allergy.  On 05-Dec-2015, the patient woke up with heart palpitations and called the ER doctor who told her to stop prednisone and take her alprazolam (Xanax).  On 11-Dec-2015, the patient returned to the ER for a rash that developed and palpitations.  The patient described it as hives.  The ER discharge noted acute anxiety and told her to continue alprazolam (Xanax).  She was also provided with an epinephrine which she has not used.  The patient stated white marks on her face and stomach but rash comes and goes.  The patient stated headache, tingling in face and leg pain comes and goes as well. The outcome was reported as not recovered. Linked case: 2016057877 (same patient). Reporter's Comments: n/a. Sender's Comments: Company comments: Seriousness criterion/criteria: Hospitalisation. Listedness: Unlisted. Assessment according to the CCSI for CSL Inactivated Influenza Virus Vaccine and the Afluria Product Information, acute anxiety and all other events are unlisted. Paraesthesia, headache rash and hives are listed. Causality: Possible. Time to onset is same day for headache and tiredness and next day for other events and 11 day for rash. Although the patient was treated with antihistamine and steroids events are not typical of type 1 allergic reaction. The case did not meet Brighton collaboration group definition for anaphylaxis due to delayed onset for rash and urticaria. History of anxiety was a probable factor in causation of palpitation rash and or events. Causality with vaccination cannot be completely excluded due to temporal association.
(02/16/2015) Back and leg pain especially on the left side. Foot pain when walking.  Lower left side back pain. (02/19/2015) Hard to walk and stand upright. PCP prescribed oral steroids. Unable to go to work. (02/25/2015) Pain progressed to inability to walk without assistance and total inability to use legs. Went to ER and was admitted.
Paralytic stroke like symptoms - required Intensive Care with airway intubation. Neurologist questioning if this is related to the flu vaccine.
Sharp, burning pain at injection high on left shoulder. Within minutes, arm and shoulder were disabled and crippled. Condition has persisted since 10-17-15.
PT said I feel really confused today. He had difficulty focusing on things. Couldn't remember recipe contents that he had cooked multiple times in the past. Wife noted other subtle changes in his mental status.   1 acute mental status change-sent patient to outside hospital for further evaluation.    While at outside facility had CT scan of the head was normal, CTA of the  carotids which was negative for significant blockage, was found to have  orthostatic hypotension, lisinopril was decreased, metoprolol tartrate dose was  changed from 25 mg daily metoprolol succinate 12.5 mg twice a day.  Developed rash over entire body approximately 36 hours after hospitalization, not sure if related to CT scan contrast for Prevnar or flu vaccine he received.  Saw non-VA PCP was treated with Solu-Medrol followed by a Dosepak. Blood sugars elevated due to this. He followed by non-VA PCP Also notified cardiology hospitalization was scheduled a 48 hour Holter monitor,  Feeling better other than the rash which is improving per patient and family.
Severe pain at site, down arm and in shoulder. Finger also have pain. Pain at night cramping in arm - lost range of motion in arm. 2-visits to family Dr. X-Rays. Physical therapy. MRI. Visit to orthopaedic Dr two visits.
1 week after getting shot, 2 weeks of bad headaches, fatigue, woke up during the night and I couldn't hardly turn over because of pain. Pain when raising arms, weakness and pain in legs. It has been 5 months since the shot and I am in a lot of pain everyday. My whole life has changed. Some days I get up feeling like I have been beat with a bat. Never had this before the PREVNAR 13 shot. I hope this is not permanent.
Back pain started 12/26 lower back pain got progressively worse, on 12/29 leg weakness started, on 12/31 AM (R) fingers got numb, on 1/2 numbness started in (L) fingers, on 1/4 the left mouth drooped. Diagnosed with Guillain Barre on 1/5/16; IVIG started 1/5/16 at approx. 6 pm 5 days Ig received.
Did not have cold - healthy before on 10/26/15 48 hours after shot given 10/26/15, I developed sudden extreme congestion choking wheezing for 3 days. Mucous was so viscous it would not come out - at times it could be pulled out in one long 24 inches string without breaking with bristles of toothbrush scraping the throat.
10-1-15 present. Severe shoulder pain. Swelling, cellulitis. Very limited range of motion. MD visits and antibiotics, steroids, X-ray, anti-inflammatory. Steroid injection, MRI, physical therapy.
Prior to 11/26 I noticed a strange sensation in my legs put not pain. More just sore to the touch and nerve sensors were off and my legs were always VERY cold for about a week prior to 11/26.  Then in 11/26 Woke up and noticed that most of my face was paralyzed.  I could not smile, or close my lips all the way or close my eyes all the way.  I went to the hospital where they did all kinds of tests to rule out Bells Palsy. All the tests came back negative but my face slowly got worse and now it was affecting both sides of my face.  Could not blink or smile etc.  No other symptoms.  After 1 week, the symptoms started to go away and I was diagnosed with a rare case of Guillain Barre Syndrome.
My arm and shoulder where the shot was given began to hurt, which I thought was normal, until, over the next few weeks, the pain became excruciating, and I couldn't move it without intense pain.  Acupuncture (12/22?) took the pain down from a 10 to a 3, but then it started increasing again over the next few days.  Now, almost 2.5 months later, although the pain has decreased, it still hurts with a number of different movements, including trying to remove shirts.  I actually can't use it to disrobe; I can barely put pressure from my right arm to lift my left arm for this task.  This is completely ridiculous.  I am never getting another flu shot again.  Just for the record, I believe the pharmacist administering it did the best job she could, and I don't feel she was negligent.
My wife is the subject of this report. I am writing this as an eyewitness to the events following her over 65 flu vaccine administered at approximately noon on Wednesday, November 4, 2015. My wife does have several health issues (mechanical heart valve, arthritis, pre-diabetic, lactose intolerant and high blood pressure which is under control and is on a number of medications which are attached for section 17). Prior to the administration of this vaccine, she was able to walk and was not feeling ill. I am not a doctor, so I will be using laymen's terms to describe this decline in her health during the afternoon and evening of November 4, 2015. Patient had a noon appointment for an over 65 flu shot on November 4, 2015. She was able to walk into the office and upon the completion of her visit was able to walk back to the car. Shortly thereafter, we returned to our home and she was able to walk into our house with no problem. During the afternoon, she progressively felt worse. Her first symptom was heartburn about an hour after her shot. Approximately 2-3 hours later she had intense chills to the point of having to have three blankets over her but still had chills, more heartburn, wheezing, difficulty breathing and irregular/rapid heartbeat. Toward the evening, she attempted to get up to go to the bathroom. She was so weak, especially in her lower back and legs, that she could not get up even with the assistance of a walker. Finally, with my help, we got her up to hold on to the walker. This was extremely difficult for her to do. I held on to her as she made her way to the bathroom which took a very long time. She got in the bathroom and on the toilet but again it was a very slow process. After being on the toilet, I attempted many times to help her stand up so she could hold on to the walker. As I was helping her get up, I was holding her under her arms but I just could not hold to her. With my hands under her arms, patient slowly dropped to the bathroom floor. At that point, I decided that we needed to call 911. At approximately 8:45 p.m., the ambulance arrived. They were able to get patient up and onto a chair and then onto a stretcher. Her blood pressure was elevated and she was having an irregular heartbeat, a rapid heartbeat and extreme weakness. When she arrived at the hospital, she did have a fever of 100.4 degrees as well as rapid heartbeat, irregular heartbeat and elevated blood pressure. Patient remained at hospital for seven days. Following patient's release from the hospital, she was admitted for rehabilitation. She spent three weeks there and received physical and occupational therapy. Following her stay, she received home care services for several weeks. She received, primarily, physical therapy to assist her with her balance and to strengthen her legs so she could walk without a walker. Currently, patient improved enough so that she no longer needs to use her walker unless her arthritis becomes a problem. Please note, that in the hospital/doctor's report, staff indicates that they did not feel that this was caused by the over 65 flu shot; however, we were both told by the admitting physician that he would not rule out that this could have been a reaction to the flu shot. Patient was told by at least one other hospitalist that what happened was a reaction to the flu shot which she received. She also has been told by two additional physicians that she is to no longer get the over 65 vaccine. As an eye-witness to this event, I am positive that the vaccine did create this severe reaction. Patient is now very concerned regarding receiving any flu shot in the future. This needs to be addressed by someone at VAERS or the CDC. We would also like to know if the flu strains were different from any other year. We would appreciate a call from someone at your office to explain this.
Tingling pains in hands and arms. Days later same tingling in legs and feet. Difficulty breathing; could not talk or grab/hold on to anything. Diagnosed with Guillain Barre Syndrome.
PAIN IN BOTH SHOULDERS AND BOTH ARMS, AND HEADACHE THAT BEGAN DAY FOLLOWING VACCINATION AND WORSENED DAILY.  PAIN IS ACUTE AT NIGHT AND INTERFERES WITH SLEEP. LOSS OF STRENGTH AND MOBILITY IN BOTH ARMS AND CONTINUOUS PAIN IN JOINTS, MUSCLES, SHOULDERS AND BACK.
Bilateral lower extremity weakness x 4 days approximately 3 weeks after receiving vaccination. Approximately 3 weeks after vaccination she noticed a numb (thick) sensation in her toes. In the ensuing days the numbness ascended to her knees and began to involve the forearms and hands as well as her lips. Concurrent with the numbness  or shortly thereafter, the limbs also became weak. She has also noted some weakness with speaking. She reports having some accidents with urinating and no recent bowel movements. She reports feeling short of breath.  Reduced knee reflexes, subjective loss of sensation in a stocking and glove pattern.Considerable give-way weakness and apparent reduced effort; with encouragement and full effort, she was able to give 5/5 strength in all muscle groups.
Numbness to feet that traveled to arms nausea weakness back pain  hospitalization with diagnosis of Guillain Barre syndrome.
Persistent left shoulder pain after flu shot 9/21/15. The pain has never stopped. I have difficulty moving my left arm. I have received treatment from 3 MDs, including medications, sling, injection, PT and weight restrictions etc.
Rapid heart beat vomiting diarrhea chronic throat infection with growth in throat.
10/04 unstable walking. 10/05 went to family doctor as walking. 10/06 taken to ER not able to stand and was admitted to hospital. 10/07 diagnosed with GBS and transferred to another hospital.
10/27/15 - immunized 11/14/15 / 11/17/15 - hospital admission > severe diarrhea/dehydration.
I have never had any problem with my annual Flu shot. On Sept 9, 2015 I was given the high dose shot because of my age. This was not an allergic reaction, but days of weakness and full body pain which gradually abated. 6 mo later I still have pain in that arm and lack full range of motion!
Tingling in toes which progressed over the next few days to muscle aches in the patient's calves, legs, and arms.  This gradually progressed to muscle weakness and difficulty going up stairs.  An EMG was done as an outpatient and was highly suspicious for Guillain-Barre, at which point patient was referred to the hospital for definitive diagnosis and treatment. Spinal tap was positive for high protein levels.  Patient received IVIG (Carimune 96 gm daily x 2 days).
Family believes since his PCV13 given his blood count decreased.
Was made aware of patient reaction 2/25/16. Patient says she had a fever and wasn't feeling good. She was admitted in hospital due to infection/reaction to vaccines.
Pt evaluated in clinic on 12/7/15 for rash. Petechiae had been present and increasing for 3 days. He was found to have platelets of 20,000 and was referred to Hemo/Onc for further evaluation and management. He has been followed by hematology and diagnosed with ITP. His platelet counts are slowly improving but not fully recovered.
Muscle weakness, multiple myositis complaints. Myositis confirmed by EMG and muscle biopsy pending.
Got extremely sick, uncontrolled puking, diarrhea. Admitted to the hospital. 2 weeks later. On Dec. 11 I woke up with dizziness, and many neurological symptoms. I have not worked since Dec. 15th. My Neurologist diagnosed with a post infectious phenomenon. Directly relates it to the flu vaccine. Still suffer to this day.
Started with losing bladder control, catheter in, week later had paralysis of legs.
Based on additional information received on 26 February 2016, this case initially considered as non-serious was upgraded to serious due to seriousness criteria: disability. Initial unsolicited report received from a consumer on 18 January 2016. This case involves 72-year-old female patient who was vaccinated with a dose of Fluzone HD (batch number not reported) intramuscularly in the right deltoid on 18 October 2015. The patient's pre-existing physician diagnosed allergies, birth defects, medical conditions were not reported and she had no illness at time of vaccination. The patient's concomitant medications were not provided. On 24 October 2015, six days following the vaccination, the patient had experienced numbness, pins and needles feeling, burning type pain in her right leg from the knee to toes and foot drop on the right foot. The patient required ER/doctor visit. Laboratory data was not reported. The patient had received physical therapy as corrective treatment. The outcome of events was reported as not recovered. Follow up information received from a consumer on 26 February 2016 and additional information received on 03 March 2016. Batch number was updated as UI481AA. Pre-existing physician-diagnosed allergies, birth defects, and medical conditions was reported as scleroderma (crest), gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), Esophageal Cancer, hypothyroid. The patient did not experience any adverse event prior to vaccination. She did not receive any other vaccinations within 4 weeks prior to date of vaccination. Concomitant medications included Anastrozole 1 mg daily, Calcium 1200 mg daily with vitamin D, Cyclobenzaprine 5 mg with at bed time, Prolia 60 mg for 6 month for 6 MO, Furosemide 40 mg daily as needed, Levothyroxine 125 mcg daily, Omeprazole 40 mg daily, Ranitidine 150 mg daily at bed time, Tramadol 5 mg as needed pain, Temazepam 15 mg as needed for sleep, sucralfate four times a day. On 29 October 2015, 10 days following the vaccination, the patient had experienced numbness and foot drop. It was reported that, permanent disability resulted on 21 February 2016 and by the time of reporting, patient still had a problem. The patient had a doctor visit on 28 October 2015, she visited a neurologist on 30 Nov 2015, a neurosurgeon on 02 December 2015 and began physiotherapy. Laboratory data included brain MRI (On 02 November 2015), Spine MRI, lower extremity with Doppler, Ultrasound RT. On 10 December 2015, Electromyography was performed. The patient had not recovered from foot drop and numbness. List of documents held by sender: none. Sender's Comments: Foot drop is unlisted with INFLUENZA USP TRIVAL A-B HIGH DOSE SUBVIRION VACCINE whereas numbness, burning leg and tingling is listed. Time to onset seems to be compatible with a role of the vaccination. Complementary information regarding the patient's condition at the time of the events, medical history and investigations exploring alternative etiologies are needed to further assess the case.
Generalized aches and pains in muscles and very fatigued for around 10 days after high dose flu shot. Lateral aspect of left in arm at site of injection resulted pain similar to tendinitis. Could not lift or pick up anything with left arm. Went for acupuncture but that did not work still have pain. Been taking ALEVE and TYLENOL. Never had reaction to low or single dose prior to this double dose.
Received shot to right shoulder.  It was painful and the pain has never left. Pain continued to increase until right arm is painful and can no longer be used for every day activities.
Swelling at site and soreness. It progressed to sensitivity to touch, loss of range of motion without pain, and at this point the pain goes from the shoulder to the fingers. I am unable to sleep on that arm without pain and it is difficult to put that arm into a sleeve or reach for anything without experiencing pain. It also prevents me from doing any needlework that brought me great pleasure.
Child found deceased.
Constant ache, on shot site - every day sometimes can't lift arm - at least 2x a wk - sometimes I get a really bad cramp and can't lift arm. Use a small vibrator till cramp stops take ibuprofen for ache.
10/21/15 Malaise. Symptoms continued until hospitalized on 11/10/15 with high fever. 11/17/15 Went to doctor - still having low fever, malaise and ear pain. Hospitalized 11/18/15 weakness, paralysis.
Started with numbness in toes that progressed to numbness in feet, legs, and hands. The numbness then progressed to excruciating pain to extremities, chest, and face. I became extremely weak and could not walk without assistance. I was admitted to the hospital and diagnosed with Guillain Barre Syndrome and received IVIG treatment.
I began to develop a severe tingling/electrical feeling in my left leg on Oct 23rd.  Several days later the same feeling began in my right leg and then by Oct 31, 2015 my arms and legs. In addition pain has developed across all extremities.  Symptoms remain to present day (March 19, 2016). I have been clinically diagnosed with peripheral neuropathy and there appears to be no cure to my current condition.
I have been in constant pain with my left arm which has caused me severe limitations.
Had a 4 minute seizure within 2 hours after the flu shot. He has had 4 other seizures to date.
In late Oct or Nov I felt lump under right toes left. Pin and needles in feet. Lower legs weak couldn't walk as far w/o rest. Painful shocking hand shakes, coffee cup got too heavy to lift with right hand. Burned hand on broiler. Paralysis started 2-28-16.
Onset of tingling and numbness about 10 days, post flu shot, then start in his feet/toes and then progressed to the fingers and hands. Progressed up the left arm and shoulder. Legs became weak and seem unable to have the strength to walk up down stairs. No fever, chills. No SOB, dysphagia.
4 to 5 hrs following vaccine injection, patient developed severe chills, B.P. plummeted, temp. spiked to 104 degrees - 105 degrees. Emerg. transport to E.R. Once stabilized was admitted to CCU. Suffered a set back. Treated for septic shock, Congestive Heart Failure, pneumonia, etc. Hospital 13 days - P.T. 9 days.
She had been in her crib sleeping. Heard a cry from her room around 9 am. Entered her room to find her on her stomach in the crib, wide eyed, convulsing, blue in the face and gasping for air. Removed her from crib and convulsions ceased, still unresponsive, tight muscles, turned darker shade in the face and was still gasping. Shortly after went completely limp, no sign of life. Performed CPR and was able to get her breathing again. Went to the ER where blood tests and CT scan came back clear. Was told she had suffered a Grand Mal seizure. EEG several days later came back normal. Started noticing Myoclonics. Had another Grand Mal April 6 around noon, lasted around a minute. Had 2 more Grand Mals April 7. First around 10 seconds at 5am and the second lasted over 2 min around 6 pm. Drastic increase in Myoclonics after the Grand Mals. Was diagnosed as Epileptic and has since started anti convulsion medication. Myoclonics and possible absence seizures are still recurring.
Patient had alarms last night (02/19/2015), mother tried to stimulate and called 911. EMT's arrived and began transport to hospital, but patient arrested and was not able to be resuscitated in ED.
Received 2 injections MMR and varicella. 1 injected in each arm. I questioned why in arm as patient's extremities were very thin. Nurse said it was ok due to little needle and given SQ. 2 days later patient started with lowgrade fever and upper respiratory symptoms. Coughing. She missed school Mon & Tuesday. On Wed she went to her reg GI Dr. She had 103 fever and still coughing. Recommended back to ped. Returned to ped on Fri. Her reg Dr wasn't in. They did a CBC which was ok but low Hgb which is her norm. O2 sat was ranging from 80 - 92. They were unsure if it worked. Dr recommended going to ER. Took her to ER. She had only 1 other complaint of rt arm hurt. They did chest xray and diagnosed bronchitis. Sent home on Zithromax, prednisone & breathing treatment. Sunday morning she woke up with left cheek swollen like mumps and a red ecchymotic area under her arm by chest. While getting her ready to go to hospital she took last breath. CPR started immediately and 911 called. Breaths did not seem to be going in. EMT took over CPR. Taken to hospital where they did get a heartbeat for less than a minute.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a company representative refers to an approximately 2.5 year old male patient. The patient's medical history included hyperplastic left heart and multiple unspecified heart surgeries. There was no information about the patient's concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies provided. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:30, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneously (lot # and expiration date were not reported), a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (route of administration, lot # and expiration date were not reported) and a dose of an unspecified flu vaccine. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:50, the patient was brought back to the provider's office, apparently in cardiac arrest. The reporter stated they began performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on the patient and called for an ambulance. The ambulance took the patient to an emergency room. The reporter stated they received a call from the coroner's office at 15:00, and was informed that the child died (on 19-OCT-2015). The event of cardiac arrest was reported as life threatening. The outcome of cardiac arrest was reported as fatal, however the cause of death was not provided. The relatedness between the adverse event and suspect therapies was not reported. Upon internal review, the event of cardiac arrest was considered to be medically significant. Additional information has been requested.
Child found deceased.
Patient had a sudden onset of fever that started out staying around 101-102 degrees Fahrenheit that continued for four days reaching a max of 104.5 degrees Fahrenheit. He also suffered a ruptured tympanic membrane on 02/08/2015. The infant was dosed regularly with Tylenol and Motrin alternating every three hours and fevers continued to stay above 100 degrees Fahrenheit.
Febrile Seizure.
Had measles after MMR vaccine Feb 13th fever to 102 and shortness of breath, 2/16, Admitted to hospital w/bilateral pneumonia, SOB got worse, fever to 101.2 cough, WBC on admission 2.6; Rash onset on 2/18, fever to 103 and rash worsens on 2/19, on 2/20 ARDS, patient was intubated, as of 2/21 patient is stable but no improvement after intubation; 2/23.
High fever, red eyes, swollen eyes, runny nose, cough, rash covering entire face, ears, arms, chest, and back. Some on legs.
MMR, VZV and Hep A given 1/30/15 and 16 days later had complex seizure with respiratory failure requiring intubation also had Moraxella pneumonia and fever at time. No past hx of febrile seizures. No FHX of seizures.
8 days after MMR, pt. diagnosed ITP platelet count=9.
Initially presented to emergency room with complaints of itching and burning of skin.  Was treated in the Emergency Room and released.  Patient then presented to the Emergency Room again in the early morning hours of 4/9/15 with complaints of malaise, shortness of breath and epigastric pain.
HIVES ON FACE, WHEEZING, COUGHING, TACHYPNEA.
Left eye swelling, vomiting, lower lip swelling, watery eyes.
My daughter came down with a fever for 5 days starting on Feb 19 which was 6 days after her MMR and Varicella vaccines.  According to multiple sources online her reaction was consistent to a reaction to the Measles portion of the vaccine.  She did have a minor rash. She continued with fever and not wanting to eat anything and her illness and fever progressed from there to a possible diagnosis of Mono about a week later which was based on a monospot test which according to the CDC is not very reliable in children and her Epstein Barr results were not returned or shipped to facility because of inclement weather (that's where they send bloodwork for Epstein Barr.) She got worse after the diagnosis. She developed a terrible crust over her eyes that kept coming throughout the day for over about a week and her nose was terribly full of snot.  She was not eating still and I was having to give her Ensure everyday along with her fluids for 7 weeks to keep her fed.  Her white count at the time of the Mono diagnosis was 23,000.  She was still not eating on her own much by the first week in April (only a bite here and there) I was continuing to talk with nurse periodically about her condition on the phone and I was continuing to keep her hydrated and give her Ensure at home. On April 9th she came down with 104 fever and we tried to treat her at home for a couple of days but there was no change so on April 11 we took her to the ER and I spent 5 hours there with her as they ran tests for everything imaginable.  Her white count was still very high (22,000) and according to the ER doc nothing was showing us the cause of the fever but he decided to treat her symptom (fever) as a bacterial infection. Later on her doctor told me that the xray report showed a tiny sign of something that could have been early Pneumonia.  I have obtained copies of most of her records related to this situation.  Nothing ever cultured out bacterially speaking but the antibiotic that she was given has seemed to help and so far as of April 20th she has been better.  This has been a Very difficult time for our family as we have tried to figure out what could be wrong with our child.
After hours call cyanotic episode 04/08/2014 at 9:52 pm. Admitted to hospital 4/11/2015 to 4/14/2015 DX seizures then admitted to hospital on 4/24/2015 to 4/27/2015 fever T105 and rash, hyper sensitivity reaction to phenobarbital.
Information has been received from a physician and a medical assistant referring to a 4 year old female patient with bladder exstrophy which was diagnosed in 2011 and latex allergy. On unspecified dates, the patient had multiple surgeries for the bladder exstrophy. On 11-MAY-2012, the patient received the first dose of M-M-R II 0.5 ML, (lot# and expire date were not reported), subcutaneously. On 21-MAY-2015 the patient received the second dose of M-M-R II 0.5 ml, (lot# was reported as 1002242, expire date was reported as 21-JAN-2017) subcutaneously as well as a dose of KINRIX. Other concomitant therapy included BACTRIM for daily prophylactical use. Within 10 to 20 minutes the patient went into anaphylactic shock. The patient was administered a dose of epinephrine in the office as well as given oxygen. Paramedics arrived to the office and took the patient to hospital and the patient was admitted. On the same day at the hospital, the patient was administered a second dose of epinephrine as well as given BENADRYL and SOLU-MEDROL and CLARITIN. Electrolytes and a tryptophan level lab test were done but results of the labs were unspecified. On 21-MAY-2015, the patient was recovered. In the afternoon of 22-MAY-2015 the patient was discharged from the hospital. At the time of reporting, the causality was not reported. The physician stated that the anaphylactic shock the patient experienced was life threatening. Upon internal review, anaphylactic shock was determined to be medically significant event. Additional information has been requested.
This is a young 1-year-old female, who presented to emergency room with persistent febrile seizures. The patient received a few doses of ATIVAN. Had some respiratory distress due to the depression of the respiratory system and for that reason, she. During the process, the patient has an aspiration pneumonia and the respiratory distress increased in the emergency room. After stabilization in the emergency room, the patient was transferred to us. Basically this patient has been with intermittent fever for the last 2 days. The last fever the family says that it was 104. The patient started having some abnormal movements in the eye and the seizure lasted for at least 1 hour.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a 12 month old female patient. The patient did not have any drug reactions and allergies. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of VARIVAX (Merck) Lot# L004650, expiry date: 11-FEB-2017 (dose and route were not reported) and the first dose of M-M-R II Lot# L004658, expiry date: 05-FEB-2017 (dose and route were not reported). The patient did not take any concomitant medication. On 30-JUN-2015, less than a minute after vaccines administration, the patient experienced seizure. She was administered an oxygen and was taken by ambulance to the hospital. The patient was admitted to the hospital on 30-JUN-2015 and still remained there at the time of this report. The outcome of seizure was reported as recovering. Causality assessment was not provided. The reporting nurse considered the seizure as life threatening, disabling and medically significant as it required oxygen administration. Additional information has been requested.
Difficulty breathing. Went to Emergency Department.  Treated for anaphylaxis.
Hives, swollen throat and tongue. A lump on his neck. Treatment included 5ml of Benadryl and injection of Epi-Pen Jr. Activated EMS and was taken to the ER after 20 mins of the reaction.
Eyelids and facial swelling, cough, wheezing.
Fever off and on for several weeks following vaccination. fever 6/6/15 103.7. Excessive crying for several days following with lethargy and decreased LOC. Vomiting 6/8/15. 6/9/15 crying for 6 hours straight, back arching, no eye contact. Saw pediatrician and was sent to hospital. 6/10/15- unable to hold head up, walk, or stand. Continued abnormal posturing, back arching, scissoring of legs, excessive screaming/crying, lethargy, no eye contact. 6/12/15- symptoms began improving. 6/15/15- back to baseline.
ITP.
Within minutes of receiving his MMR and Chicken Pox Vaccines, patient turned red, itchy, and started sneezing.  He then started to swell in his face and went into anaphylactic shock. His oxygen level started to drop and his blood pressue was off as well.  He was given 2 doses Benadryl and finally given the EPI PEN.  He was then given an oxygen mask with a breathing treatment. (This is the SECOND time patient received these vaccines but had no reaction the first time).  He was monitored at the pediatricians office for a couple of hours then we were instructed to take him to the hospital for overnight observation.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a company representative refers to an approximately 2.5 year old male patient. The patient's medical history included hyperplastic left heart and multiple unspecified heart surgeries. There was no information about the patient's concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies provided. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:30, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneously (lot # and expiration date were not reported), a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (route of administration, lot # and expiration date were not reported) and a dose of an unspecified flu vaccine. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:50, the patient was brought back to the provider's office, apparently in cardiac arrest. The reporter stated they began performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on the patient and called for an ambulance. The ambulance took the patient to an emergency room. The reporter stated they received a call from the coroner's office at 15:00, and was informed that the child died (on 19-OCT-2015). The event of cardiac arrest was reported as life threatening. The outcome of cardiac arrest was reported as fatal, however the cause of death was not provided. The relatedness between the adverse event and suspect therapies was not reported. Upon internal review, the event of cardiac arrest was considered to be medically significant. Additional information has been requested.
On the 6th day post vaccination, my daughter had some hives on her body, later in the day they spread from head to toe as an itchy rash.  Hives were multiple sizes and shapes.  Skin was red surrounding the hives.  For this I gave her Benadryl and hives subsided.  Soon after, I noticed a raised dark red dots on her torso and chest which resembled the measles.  These spots lasted for a few days. and hives came and went periodically.  For the next 4 days, she had a constant fever and was lethargic.  Fever was treated with alternating Tylenol and Motrin every there hours, but a fever of 102-103 always lingered. She went to the pediatrician to be seen and I was consulted numerous times over the phone with them as to what to do to help her.  By the third day the fever reached 104, by the fourth day in the afternoon, fever went up to 105.6 and my daughter was convulsing and was very uncomfortable.  An ambulance came and took her to the hospital where multiple tests were done to rule out anything else that may be causing this reaction.  It was concluded with my pediatricians and ER doctors that this was a reaction to the MMR vaccine.  Later that night my daughter's fever broke, she was sweating and felt warm to the touch and rectal temperature was 96.7.  I kept her warm all night with blankets so that her temperature would rise.  By the fifth day she was symptom free and started to recover after this agonizing and scary episode.
Acute jaundice and signs of acute liver failure. Now listed for liver transplant.
Anaphylaxis.
Within a week he stopped progressing in speech and motor skills, became aggressive, poor modulation, unable to participate in activities, excessive eczema, GI problems.
Pt evaluated in clinic on 12/7/15 for rash. Petechiae had been present and increasing for 3 days. He was found to have platelets of 20,000 and was referred to Hemo/Onc for further evaluation and management. He has been followed by hematology and diagnosed with ITP. His platelet counts are slowly improving but not fully recovered.
Tingling, numbness and a bad burning sensation that wouldn't go away.  Started to go up hand to lower arm, but then prescribed STEROIDS to calm down.  Burning sensation subsided, but not numbness in fingers.  Carpal Tunnel surgery required. Fingers still numb.
Pt. had fever as high as 101, on 5/20, 5/21.  Days later, he was noted to not move his right hand and right leg.
Increased aggression w/ sibling and peers (2 wks after and presently). Increased irritability (2 days after and presently). Obsessive, emotional, meltdowns for no reason, fatigued, disoriented, socially withdrawn, speaks less clearly and sometimes out of context, socially unaware and not receptive to cues (2-3 wks after and presently).
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a 12 month old female patient. The patient did not have any drug reactions and allergies. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of VARIVAX (Merck) Lot# L004650, expiry date: 11-FEB-2017 (dose and route were not reported) and the first dose of M-M-R II Lot# L004658, expiry date: 05-FEB-2017 (dose and route were not reported). The patient did not take any concomitant medication. On 30-JUN-2015, less than a minute after vaccines administration, the patient experienced seizure. She was administered an oxygen and was taken by ambulance to the hospital. The patient was admitted to the hospital on 30-JUN-2015 and still remained there at the time of this report. The outcome of seizure was reported as recovering. Causality assessment was not provided. The reporting nurse considered the seizure as life threatening, disabling and medically significant as it required oxygen administration. Additional information has been requested.
Stiff neck & L arms with 1st vaccine, and stiff neck, swelling of R index finger, L wrist, & R knee with 2nd injection given 1 month later.
Developmental delays. Being observed for autism. Signs of autism. 01-24-15 until present.
Vomitting, loss of appetite, high fever, paralysis.
Developed Type 1 diabetes mellitus-diagnosis 6/8/15 3 wks after vaccination.
Acute jaundice and signs of acute liver failure. Now listed for liver transplant.
Was tired about a week after shot.  I assumed this was either standard reaction to shot or allergies.  However, symptoms just kept worsening. Eyes became itchy and red on 4/16/15; red patch of skin running down from both eyes (width of eyes) with small bumps within the patches.  Called allergist and he prescribed eye drops by phone.  The following week, his teacher told me that he was trying to be attentive in class but that as she was watching him his eyes would roll to the back of his head.  Listless and lethargy continued.  Told his friends he couldn't play until he was better.  Never cries and loves school and was crying before school b/c he was tired, after school b/c he didn't want to do homework (has only ever complained of homework twice), and cried before bed b/c he was so tired.  Took to Dr. on May 7th and his liver was enlarged and IgE was 3 times normal levels.  We have run from doctor to doctor since trying to figure out what is wrong as he still has abdominal pain.  We have eliminated foods that he has become sensitive to since shot was administered.  These are certainly dairy and gluten and we are still testing a list of other foods.
01/27/2015 9:30am 0.5 mL MMR Lot # k003806 vaccination administered in Upper Left Leg using 25G x 5/8 Jelco Hypodermic Needle. Grandmother 30 year veteran nurse present as patient's guardian on that day has administered many shots in her career. Stated shock at witnessing how the shot was administered 'very roughly'. Patient experienced immediate extreme leg pain at the point where the shot was administered. Doctor was phoned within a few days to request advice regards pain. Doctor stated pain was normal and would subside in few days to weeks. Leg pain continued at the area of the shot without resolution. Patient taken to see Doctor one month to six weeks later, extreme pain still present causing patient immobility. Dr. prescribed therapy. Therapy course completed, minimal to no improvement. Through the duration of aprox one year pain continues to arise particularly after moderate activity, patient is unable to walk or even stand due to extreme pain starting at the point of the shot and radiating through her leg. Doctor Visit Jan 19th, 2015 discussed continuing pain from vaccination. Was advised to file VAERS report. In contradiction to the clear onset of symptoms tracing their direct roots to the moment of administration of vaccination the Doctor advised to follow a course of testing to determine if some underlying systemic pre-existing condition existed that never manifested itself previously even though patient had multiple previous vaccinations and other normal childhood injuries that never resulted in any long term symptoms such as she has experienced directly upon adminstration of the MMR vaccination. To explore another route beside the highly unlikely idea of a possible pre-existing condition diagnosis Doctor consulted a Rheumatologist who advised an X-ray be taken to examine the possibility of injury due to trauma from the injection. X-ray results for Myositis ossificans were negative. As of the day of this report patient continues to experience debilitating leg pain on a regular basis causing her to have to refrain from anything more than minimum physical activities. She is unable to make it through a day of normal childhood activities, nor participate in sports, nor even bike a few blocks to school without experiencing pain at the spot of the vaccination that makes her have to stop all activity for at least a day before she can walk again.
She had been in her crib sleeping. Heard a cry from her room around 9 am. Entered her room to find her on her stomach in the crib, wide eyed, convulsing, blue in the face and gasping for air. Removed her from crib and convulsions ceased, still unresponsive, tight muscles, turned darker shade in the face and was still gasping. Shortly after went completely limp, no sign of life. Performed CPR and was able to get her breathing again. Went to the ER where blood tests and CT scan came back clear. Was told she had suffered a Grand Mal seizure. EEG several days later came back normal. Started noticing Myoclonics. Had another Grand Mal April 6 around noon, lasted around a minute. Had 2 more Grand Mals April 7. First around 10 seconds at 5am and the second lasted over 2 min around 6 pm. Drastic increase in Myoclonics after the Grand Mals. Was diagnosed as Epileptic and has since started anti convulsion medication. Myoclonics and possible absence seizures are still recurring.
In the nights immediately following the MMR vaccine patient woke inconsolable, not settling for hours. He also had a 102.1 fever, which I mentioned to Dr. when she did a follow-up call one or two days after his vaccine (do not know the exact date). Dr. said that it could in no way be related to the vaccine. Patient continued to wake up inconsolable for the next few nights at which point we brought him back to the pediatrician and saw Dr. who diagnosed him with an ear infection and prescribed amoxicillin. We gave him the antibiotic as dosed until Friday morning (1/16/15) when his lips turned blue. I immediately took him to the pediatrician and he was staring off and not responding when I called his name and his lips were in and out of a blue the whole way to the office.  When we arrived at the pediatricians office his lips went back and forth in color (his oxygen saturation was normal around 95-98 -cannot remember exactly, when checked), was given a breathing treatment and responded to it but then his lips turned blue again at which point the pediatrician we saw (do not remember her name) advised we go the Hospital. On the way to hospital his lips were in and out of color and he was staring off. Upon arrival, his oxygen saturation was once again checked and it was 83%. He was put on oxygen and given Prednisone and Albuterol. An x-ray was taken and the Dr. said his lungs looked good but sounded like someone who had a bad chest cold. The Respiratory Specialist put something down his nose to get the mucus out (didn't get much of anything out). Blood was drawn. Patient seemed fine after all treatments and interventions aside from being tired and scared. He slept normally until 4 am when he woke crying again. Went back to sleep for a bit and then woke for the day. Took his morning nap as usual (still in the hospital). Meds were administered throughout this time. At around 11:30 AM he cried inconsolably for an hour (at around 45 min) the nurse on duty gave him Tylenol...he continued to cry and have violent fits and arch his back and when he calmed he'd stare off. We were discharged at 3 PM with no solid answer as to what caused the blue lips other than he has asthma. We left the hospital and over the 3 nights and days after being discharged (1/17-1/1) he cried and stared off and on ALL day and woke inconsolable. We took him in on 1/19 and Dr said his ear infections had not improved at which point he was given an injectable antibiotic. We refused further doses of antibiotics.
ITP - platelets of 3 1 week after MMR. Hospitalized x 1 d; got IVIG.
Information has been received from a pharmacist on 10-FEB-2015, concerning a 12 month old male patient with gastric reflux and no known allergies. The patient's medical history included eczema and ear infection. On 04-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # K005574, expiration date 17-APR-2016) (dose and route unspecified). Concomitant therapies included omeprazole. On 09-FEB-2015, the patient experienced seizure-like movements and 101F fever and went to an emergency department on 10-FEB-2015 at 12:11. The patient was treated for the seizure-like movements with DILANTIN, phenobarbital, VERSED, and lorazepam, and he was transported to another hospital at 02:24 on 10-FEB-2015, by flight transport to be admitted for further evaluation. The patient underwent blood culture and other unspecified blood tests without results. The pharmacist requested a lot check for the lot of M-M-R II that the patient received. The outcome of events was unknown. The pharmacist considered the event seizure-like movements to be medical significant due to normally, patients don't get put on a VERSED infusion and then flown to another hospital to be admitted. This is one of several reports from same source. Additional information has been requested.
On 1/30, 7 days following MMR, had several episodes of generalized seizures without fever and altered mental status lasting 24 hrs. Comprehensive tox screen negative. Normal EEG.
Had measles after MMR vaccine Feb 13th fever to 102 and shortness of breath, 2/16, Admitted to hospital w/bilateral pneumonia, SOB got worse, fever to 101.2 cough, WBC on admission 2.6; Rash onset on 2/18, fever to 103 and rash worsens on 2/19, on 2/20 ARDS, patient was intubated, as of 2/21 patient is stable but no improvement after intubation; 2/23.
Febrile seizures, rash.
Son was unresponsive 01/30/2015 and was very disoriented. After numerous tests administered by hospital, neurologist attributed mental status to adverse reaction to MMR vaccine.
MMR, VZV and Hep A given 1/30/15 and 16 days later had complex seizure with respiratory failure requiring intubation also had Moraxella pneumonia and fever at time. No past hx of febrile seizures. No FHX of seizures.
8 days after MMR, pt. diagnosed ITP platelet count=9.
Viral syndrome, aching, fever, tachycardia, progressive red rash on upper legs bilaterally, spreading to abdomen and buttocks, spreading up sides to underarms, very painful.
Developed ITP with platelets decreased 1,000/L. Presented with epistaxis, ecchymosis and petechiae of extremities and face 11 days after the vaccine. MMR given because of the travel to another country which was cancelled because of hospitalization. Had IV dexamethasone and IV immunoglobulin.
Received vaccines documented below at approximately 1400. At 1700 the same day the patient developed fever to 104 F. Was taken to an ED, where he was documented to have an 8 minute generalized tonic-clonic seizure and then a second seizure with left sided shaking (unknown duration).
Rash x 1 day and 1 episode of seizure-like activity beginning 10 days after vaccination. Constant fever x 4 days, 6 days after vaccination; pt had intermittent fevers prior to vaccination. Rash is maculopapular and seizure likely GTC.
Initially presented to emergency room with complaints of itching and burning of skin.  Was treated in the Emergency Room and released.  Patient then presented to the Emergency Room again in the early morning hours of 4/9/15 with complaints of malaise, shortness of breath and epigastric pain.
Patient was running a fever. Mom took him to MD. After seeing MD mom put him in his car seat and he had a grand mal seizure. An MD was in the parking lot - he call EMS and patient was transported to hospital.
Bruising all over limbs and torso. Petechiae on torso.
Patient reported to the ED after eruption of purpuric rash. Found to have platelet count of 23 and developed moderate neutropenia to an ANC of 910. Clinically well. No treatment. Within 12 hours the platelet count rose to 43,000 and the ANC rose to 2100. Thought to be immune thrombocytopenic purpura with atypical feature of neutropenia.
After hours call cyanotic episode 04/08/2014 at 9:52 pm. Admitted to hospital 4/11/2015 to 4/14/2015 DX seizures then admitted to hospital on 4/24/2015 to 4/27/2015 fever T105 and rash, hyper sensitivity reaction to phenobarbital.
Patient presented to hospital ER the evening she received vaccines. Patient had 3 seizures witnessed by her mother. The seizures started around 10:00 pm and lasted about 1 minute in duration. Mom reported that patient had fever before seizures. Patient was given IV KEPPRA and admitted to the hospital for further evaluation. Patient was discharged on 4/29/15.
Patient received her vaccinations on 28 April 2015. On 02 May 2015, the patient returned to the clinic with decreased ROM and increased pain to right upper arm. Right upper arm with edematous and sensitive to palpation.
Swelling of arm with redness. No tenderness or limitation of movement.
Fever of 105, febrile seizures, loss of coordination, high pitched screaming for days, lethargy, muscle spasms, inability to sleep.
Generalized tonic clonic seizure.
Mom reports patient's eyes started crossing within an hour of receiving vaccine. She was seen in ED the next day and by ophthalmology on 5/11. They were concerned for papilledema so she was admitted to hospital, had MRI and LP. Dx pseudopapilledema.
Information has been received from a physician and a medical assistant referring to a 4 year old female patient with bladder exstrophy which was diagnosed in 2011 and latex allergy. On unspecified dates, the patient had multiple surgeries for the bladder exstrophy. On 11-MAY-2012, the patient received the first dose of M-M-R II 0.5 ML, (lot# and expire date were not reported), subcutaneously. On 21-MAY-2015 the patient received the second dose of M-M-R II 0.5 ml, (lot# was reported as 1002242, expire date was reported as 21-JAN-2017) subcutaneously as well as a dose of KINRIX. Other concomitant therapy included BACTRIM for daily prophylactical use. Within 10 to 20 minutes the patient went into anaphylactic shock. The patient was administered a dose of epinephrine in the office as well as given oxygen. Paramedics arrived to the office and took the patient to hospital and the patient was admitted. On the same day at the hospital, the patient was administered a second dose of epinephrine as well as given BENADRYL and SOLU-MEDROL and CLARITIN. Electrolytes and a tryptophan level lab test were done but results of the labs were unspecified. On 21-MAY-2015, the patient was recovered. In the afternoon of 22-MAY-2015 the patient was discharged from the hospital. At the time of reporting, the causality was not reported. The physician stated that the anaphylactic shock the patient experienced was life threatening. Upon internal review, anaphylactic shock was determined to be medically significant event. Additional information has been requested.
The patient arrived at work on 03/09/15. He received vaccinations on 3/13/15 at which time he was in his normal state of good health. The patient denied having any local or systemic side effects after vaccination. On 3/26/15 the patient reported to medical with complaints of a cough for 6 days and bilateral eye pain and green discharge. He was diagnosed with bacterial conjunctivitis and bronchitis. On 4/14/15, the patient complained of right sided upper and lower extremity weakness. The patient was seen in the ER where he was noted to have a cough with moderate rhonchi noted in the right posterior middle and lower lobes with scattered wheezing and a normal neuro exam. The patient was released. On 4/15/15 the patient collapsed stating that his feet gave out from beneath him. His VS were stable (156/68, 89, 16, 98.6); PE noted extremity weakness. The patient was seen in the ER where no focal neuro or sensory deficits were noted, motor strength was recorded as 3/5 in both hands/feet and arms, gait was normal and DTRs were recorded as 2+; moderate rhonchi were heard diffusely. The patient was treated with a nebulizer treatment and IV SOLU-MEDROL, ROCEPHIN and ZITHROMAX. He was then released back to work. On 4/16/15 the patient was seen in medical with complaints numbness of his feet, cramping right calf and difficulty trying to stand up from the lying position. He was transported to the ER where on PE the following was noted: 3/5 strength bilaterally upper and lower extremities, significant proximal motor weakness, waddling gait, trace patellar reflexes, absent Achilles reflexes bilaterally. A neurology consult revealed the following physical findings: normal shoulder shrug, no fasciculations, muscle strength 3/5 in the arms -slightly stronger in the triceps bilaterally, legs show 3 to 4/5 strength with the proximal legs stronger than distal and left leg slightly stronger than the right waddling gait, no ataxia. DTRs 2+ except absent bilaterally at the Achilles. The patient was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome and pneumonia; he was admitted to Hospital ICU and started on IVIG 1g/kg 3 day course. The patient's cough resolved on 4/18/15. He was transferred out of ICU on 4/19/15. It was noted that strength in UE/LE was 3/5 with improvement in proximal muscle strength. The pt. was transferred to the rehab unit on 4/20/15 where he received PT/OT until his release on 5/6/15. His discharge summary indicates that he transfers and ambulates with modified independence and that he would benefit from continued aggressive PT. On 5/11/15 the patient was evaluated by PT at clinic. Weakness of the ankles, hand grips and arms was noted (the pt. was unable to do pull-ups or pushups)-a treatment plan for 2 weeks of PT was established. The pt. continued PT and determination of level of recovery. The pt. continues to improve.
This is a young 1-year-old female, who presented to emergency room with persistent febrile seizures. The patient received a few doses of ATIVAN. Had some respiratory distress due to the depression of the respiratory system and for that reason, she. During the process, the patient has an aspiration pneumonia and the respiratory distress increased in the emergency room. After stabilization in the emergency room, the patient was transferred to us. Basically this patient has been with intermittent fever for the last 2 days. The last fever the family says that it was 104. The patient started having some abnormal movements in the eye and the seizure lasted for at least 1 hour.
Pt. had fever as high as 101, on 5/20, 5/21.  Days later, he was noted to not move his right hand and right leg.
Vaccines given 5/22/15. Pt developed fever/rash initially thought to be enterovirus. Rash came in crops and crusted. All sx resolved until 6/23/15. Pt brought in for lymphadenopathy. Dx with  vaccine type varicella and secondary lymphadenitis.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a 12 month old female patient. The patient did not have any drug reactions and allergies. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of VARIVAX (Merck) Lot# L004650, expiry date: 11-FEB-2017 (dose and route were not reported) and the first dose of M-M-R II Lot# L004658, expiry date: 05-FEB-2017 (dose and route were not reported). The patient did not take any concomitant medication. On 30-JUN-2015, less than a minute after vaccines administration, the patient experienced seizure. She was administered an oxygen and was taken by ambulance to the hospital. The patient was admitted to the hospital on 30-JUN-2015 and still remained there at the time of this report. The outcome of seizure was reported as recovering. Causality assessment was not provided. The reporting nurse considered the seizure as life threatening, disabling and medically significant as it required oxygen administration. Additional information has been requested.
Acute onset weakness, fussiness, inability to stand and fever. Neuro exam revealed normal DTRs with decreased tone. CSF analysis revealed 10 WBC, normal glucose and protein and no growth. Brain MRI normal times 3. Patient empirically received doxycycline for 10 days. IVIG and prednisolone given on day of illness 4. Clinical improvement noted on day of illness 12 with increasing purposeful extremity movements and interactive gaze and smile. Patient still hospitalized and waiting placement in inpatient rehabilitation facility.
Acute onset of right sided deafness.
44 year old female, who is otherwise healthy, required emergency medical care within 15-30 minutes after the administration of the MMR Vaccine. The patient noticed a lump/swollen feeling in her throat that progressively got worse. She developed swelling and numbness of her tongue and throat, along with chest tightness. The patient required 2 epinephrine doses initially as well as a third dose of epinephrine when symptoms relapsed. Then she received 125mg of Solu-Medrol, 20mg of famotidine, and 50mg of Benadryl intravenously. She was admitted to the hospital for observation overnight.
Patient was a 4 y.o. previously healthy female with PMHx sig for ex-32 weeker twin who went to NICU and had a grade I IVH at birth. She presents as a step-down from the PICU secondary to febrile seizure after receiving MMR and Kinrix vaccines who developed aspiration pneumonia and needed to be intubated in the ER secondary to apnea, extubated 2 hours later. She had a Tmax of 39.2 at the OSH and a Tlast of 38.5 today at 04:26, but is currently afebrile at 36.6. Mom says the child received her 4 y.o. vaccines (MMR, IPV, DTAP) yesterday AM at her PMD's office, and went to daycare afterwards. She picked the child up from daycare at approx 5:45 pm, and while in the car, the pt stopped moving and was fixated to her right side. 911 was immediately called. The pt then began to have a tonic-clonic seizure that lasted >20 minutes witnessed. Per mom she did not defecate or urinate during seizure. She received 2 g of Ativan in the ER. She then became apneic and was intubated. She was then transferred to another hospital PICU. She was found to have an upper lobe aspiration PNA and was treated with Clindamycin and Ceftriaxone, Day 1/2. Blood, urine, and CSF cultures have been obtained and we will follow these results. Neurology, was consulted and a spot EEG was normal. She was discharged the following day a with normal neuro exam.
Vomitting, loss of appetite, high fever, paralysis.
Fever to 104.5 and diarrhea.
Fever off and on for several weeks following vaccination. fever 6/6/15 103.7. Excessive crying for several days following with lethargy and decreased LOC. Vomiting 6/8/15. 6/9/15 crying for 6 hours straight, back arching, no eye contact. Saw pediatrician and was sent to hospital. 6/10/15- unable to hold head up, walk, or stand. Continued abnormal posturing, back arching, scissoring of legs, excessive screaming/crying, lethargy, no eye contact. 6/12/15- symptoms began improving. 6/15/15- back to baseline.
Too many to count eryth lesions with central small fluid filled vesicles, mostly pencil eraser size some with eryth up to 1 cm, non tender, none crusted.
Case Narrative: Information received from a 49 year old male consumer on 27AUG2015 who inquired whether BioThrax was known to cause low hemoglobin. On approximately 02AUG2015, in preparation for deployment, the male received vaccination with BioThrax, dose two (lot unknown); at the same time he received both MMR and typhoid vaccines. Medical history: Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma stage I (JUL2012) - treated with chemotherapy x 3, and radiation. In JUL2013 he was deemed to be in remission. Approximately one week later, he began to experience joint pain and weakness. He was tested for Lyme disease - result negative. The symptoms continued with the addition of headaches and fatigue. On or around 18AUG2015 laboratory testing revealed hemoglobin of 5.5 and white blood cell count of 1.5.  He was hospitalized at that time. During the hospitalization he received 5 units of blood.  He noted that in July, at a check-up, all of his numbers were good, hemoglobin was 14, and a CT scan was negative. He denied any blood in his stool. On 22AUG2015, his hemoglobin reached 9.5, and he was discharged. The reporter indicated the hospital staff felt that the incident may have been a virus.  At the time of report, his symptoms (fatigue, headache, joint pain and weakness) had resolved, and he was scheduled for additional testing and follow up. On 01SEP2015 a follow up attempt revealed the consumer's hemoglobin and white blood cell count were improving, but his liver enzymes were up. Further information was requested. Concomitant medications: occasional NSAIDs.||Sender's Comments: This report was received from a consumer without medical records.  The complicated past medical history and the limited anemia evaluation provided do not rule out other causes.  The WBC count is also noted to be low and we are not provided a differential.  Lastly, he received live virus vaccines concomitantly (MMR) that confound the case further.  Therefore, in this instance there is insufficient information available to provide a causality assessment.
Patient seen for well care 8/28/2015. Given MMR/Varicella/PREVNAR, presented to the office on 9/8/2015 with abdominal pain and dx and treated for intussusception.
MMR vaccination 6/5/15 - Develop rash on feet and hands on 6/6. Seen in urgent care 6/8 - sent to Emergency dept - Admitted 3 days. IV fluids, BENADRYL.
This spontaneous report was received from the patient's mother, referring to her son, a 5 year old male patient with asthma but no drug reactions or allergies. On 30-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number and expiration date unspecified, dose and route of administration were not reported, in the leg), a dose of M-M-R II (lot number and expiration date unspecified, dose and route of administration were not reported, in the leg), a dose of DTaP, a dose of IPV (unspecified) and a dose of OPV-MERIEUX. Concomitant therapies included SYMBICORT, NASACORT and SINGULAIR. On 30-JUL-2015, after the vaccines were received (reported as immediately), the patient developed unspecified red, local rashes at the injection sites and red rings that surrounded each injection site. Also, growing pain like pains limited to only the injection sites on each leg were the vaccines were given, that accompanied an unspecified low grade fever. Whenever the patient did experience the growing pain like pains, the red ring that surrounded the injection sites developed again. The patient visited his primary care physician, but she was unable to make a diagnosis. On an unknown date, the patient was admitted to hospital A (unspecified admission and discharge date) and, therefore on 25-SEP-2015, transferred to hospital B and admitted on the same date. Multiple unspecified blood tests were completed during the hospitalization time, showing inconclusive result, with only a few, unspecified inflammation markers were elevated. The patient was treated with unspecified antibiotics, possibly including ZITHROMAX, since the unspecified physicians at the hospital thought the patient had cellulitis. On 26-SEP-2015, the patient was discharged from hospital B. The outcome and causality cellulitis was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
ITP.
Within minutes of receiving his MMR and Chicken Pox Vaccines, patient turned red, itchy, and started sneezing.  He then started to swell in his face and went into anaphylactic shock. His oxygen level started to drop and his blood pressue was off as well.  He was given 2 doses Benadryl and finally given the EPI PEN.  He was then given an oxygen mask with a breathing treatment. (This is the SECOND time patient received these vaccines but had no reaction the first time).  He was monitored at the pediatricians office for a couple of hours then we were instructed to take him to the hospital for overnight observation.
A rash that occurred on his left leg starting at his knee, cold sweats, low grade fever, and small pimple like pockets on his leg. He was around someone with the shingles and when he was admitted to Hospital the Dermatology Doctor informed me that certain companies who make the Varicella vaccine have reported cases in small children around 17 months old who have contracted the shingles virus. Doctor reported that the child may have come in contact with someone who has shingles, thus reactivating the vaccine. Symptoms progressed to go up his left leg to his lower back. They treated him with acyclovir intravenously. His symptoms decreased and he responded to the medication.
Rash started 9/30/2015 on face and hands/feet.  Rash spread to all extremities and trunk and blisters developed within three days.  She was hospitalized for two days with diagnosis of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome where her large blisters were drained.  All blisters were healed within 4 weeks of onset.  Continues with faint red marks to this day.
15-20 min complex febrile seizure requiring hospitalization and administration of midazolam intranasal by paramedics to break seizure. MRI and EEG obtained and were normal.
Developed ITP platelet count 2. Admitted to hosp for IVIG. Received MMR 9/21/15. Developed fever same day with diarrhea lasted approximately 5 days. Then fever returned approximately 2 weeks after receiving MMR which persisted. Rash with few petechia developed and sent for blood.
Pt received DTaP (R) arm Varicella (R) arm on 12/1 then 12/4 pt developed large bullae, required PO clindamycin, BENADRYL. That resolved but then on 12/10 developed similar red/warm region on (L) thigh (no vaccine given there) and 12/13 bullae also formed so admitted to hospital.
Chills that lasted approximately 12 hours.  Then felt she had skipping hearting rhythm.  Went to the hospital and was admitted on 12/08/2015 with fever and elevated white count.
Acute jaundice and signs of acute liver failure. Now listed for liver transplant.
Pt reported fever required admission to hospital for two days.
Excessive crying, inconsolable, excessive yawning, depressed sensorium.
12/22 - Received MMR vaccine. 8 days later developed fever to 104 F. On 12/31/2015, had complex febrile seizure.
Seizure like activity, lasted one and half minutes.
Numbness in left hand and arm in C4-5-6 distribution with muscle fasciculations followed by temperature changes on right side of body, ataxia, and lower extremity weakness.  Intermittent severe left-sided muscle cramping.
Multiple seizures (complex febrile seizure, status epilepticus). Required 4 doses of Ativan and 1 dose of fosphenytoin to stop the longest seizure (> 20 min).
Vesicular/papular rash spreading on neck, face, back, chest, abdomen and legs. Not in a dermatomal distribution. Some lesions crusted over.  Temperature of 102. Treated with IV acyclovir and IV immunoglobulin in addition to IV antibiotics for left chest wall cellulitis. Discharge dx: disseminated varicella zoster. She was vaccinated as part of her immigration process.
The patient arrived at work on 03/09/15. He received vaccinations on 3/13/15 at which time he was in his normal state of good health. The patient denied having any local or systemic side effects after vaccination. On 3/26/15 the patient reported to medical with complaints of a cough for 6 days and bilateral eye pain and green discharge. He was diagnosed with bacterial conjunctivitis and bronchitis. On 4/14/15, the patient complained of right sided upper and lower extremity weakness. The patient was seen in the ER where he was noted to have a cough with moderate rhonchi noted in the right posterior middle and lower lobes with scattered wheezing and a normal neuro exam. The patient was released. On 4/15/15 the patient collapsed stating that his feet gave out from beneath him. His VS were stable (156/68, 89, 16, 98.6); PE noted extremity weakness. The patient was seen in the ER where no focal neuro or sensory deficits were noted, motor strength was recorded as 3/5 in both hands/feet and arms, gait was normal and DTRs were recorded as 2+; moderate rhonchi were heard diffusely. The patient was treated with a nebulizer treatment and IV SOLU-MEDROL, ROCEPHIN and ZITHROMAX. He was then released back to work. On 4/16/15 the patient was seen in medical with complaints numbness of his feet, cramping right calf and difficulty trying to stand up from the lying position. He was transported to the ER where on PE the following was noted: 3/5 strength bilaterally upper and lower extremities, significant proximal motor weakness, waddling gait, trace patellar reflexes, absent Achilles reflexes bilaterally. A neurology consult revealed the following physical findings: normal shoulder shrug, no fasciculations, muscle strength 3/5 in the arms -slightly stronger in the triceps bilaterally, legs show 3 to 4/5 strength with the proximal legs stronger than distal and left leg slightly stronger than the right waddling gait, no ataxia. DTRs 2+ except absent bilaterally at the Achilles. The patient was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome and pneumonia; he was admitted to Hospital ICU and started on IVIG 1g/kg 3 day course. The patient's cough resolved on 4/18/15. He was transferred out of ICU on 4/19/15. It was noted that strength in UE/LE was 3/5 with improvement in proximal muscle strength. The pt. was transferred to the rehab unit on 4/20/15 where he received PT/OT until his release on 5/6/15. His discharge summary indicates that he transfers and ambulates with modified independence and that he would benefit from continued aggressive PT. On 5/11/15 the patient was evaluated by PT at clinic. Weakness of the ankles, hand grips and arms was noted (the pt. was unable to do pull-ups or pushups)-a treatment plan for 2 weeks of PT was established. The pt. continued PT and determination of level of recovery. The pt. continues to improve.
This is a young 1-year-old female, who presented to emergency room with persistent febrile seizures. The patient received a few doses of ATIVAN. Had some respiratory distress due to the depression of the respiratory system and for that reason, she. During the process, the patient has an aspiration pneumonia and the respiratory distress increased in the emergency room. After stabilization in the emergency room, the patient was transferred to us. Basically this patient has been with intermittent fever for the last 2 days. The last fever the family says that it was 104. The patient started having some abnormal movements in the eye and the seizure lasted for at least 1 hour.
Case Narrative: Information received from a 49 year old male consumer on 27AUG2015 who inquired whether BioThrax was known to cause low hemoglobin. On approximately 02AUG2015, in preparation for deployment, the male received vaccination with BioThrax, dose two (lot unknown); at the same time he received both MMR and typhoid vaccines. Medical history: Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma stage I (JUL2012) - treated with chemotherapy x 3, and radiation. In JUL2013 he was deemed to be in remission. Approximately one week later, he began to experience joint pain and weakness. He was tested for Lyme disease - result negative. The symptoms continued with the addition of headaches and fatigue. On or around 18AUG2015 laboratory testing revealed hemoglobin of 5.5 and white blood cell count of 1.5.  He was hospitalized at that time. During the hospitalization he received 5 units of blood.  He noted that in July, at a check-up, all of his numbers were good, hemoglobin was 14, and a CT scan was negative. He denied any blood in his stool. On 22AUG2015, his hemoglobin reached 9.5, and he was discharged. The reporter indicated the hospital staff felt that the incident may have been a virus.  At the time of report, his symptoms (fatigue, headache, joint pain and weakness) had resolved, and he was scheduled for additional testing and follow up. On 01SEP2015 a follow up attempt revealed the consumer's hemoglobin and white blood cell count were improving, but his liver enzymes were up. Further information was requested. Concomitant medications: occasional NSAIDs.||Sender's Comments: This report was received from a consumer without medical records.  The complicated past medical history and the limited anemia evaluation provided do not rule out other causes.  The WBC count is also noted to be low and we are not provided a differential.  Lastly, he received live virus vaccines concomitantly (MMR) that confound the case further.  Therefore, in this instance there is insufficient information available to provide a causality assessment.
Acute jaundice and signs of acute liver failure. Now listed for liver transplant.
Patient reported vaccine reaction to school staff on 1/16/2015 at 9:12am.  Staff reports 2/3 of left arm warm, swollen, tender, red approximately 5 in x 2.5 in.  Mom states no fever or any other symptoms.  Referred to Dr., appointment today at 11 am.
Redness and swelling, pain, hot to touch.
Began running fever, began screaming. Inconsolable for 7 hours. Didn't eat for 8 hours. Has not been normal since vaccination. Constantly cries, doesn't want to eat or be held unless it's in the morning. Baby is completely different upon vaccinations.
Vaccine reaction (varicella). Symptoms include fever and rash - scattered papules and pustules on trunk, face and back.
Large area of erythema around three injection sites on right anterior thigh, approx. 25 cm x 20 cm. Warm to touch. One small area on right thigh around on of the two injection sites approx 2 cm x 3 cm. BENADRYL given in office and parent told to repeat every 6 hours as needed. ZYRTEC or CLARITIN 10 mg daily.
In the nights immediately following the MMR vaccine patient woke inconsolable, not settling for hours. He also had a 102.1 fever, which I mentioned to Dr. when she did a follow-up call one or two days after his vaccine (do not know the exact date). Dr. said that it could in no way be related to the vaccine. Patient continued to wake up inconsolable for the next few nights at which point we brought him back to the pediatrician and saw Dr. who diagnosed him with an ear infection and prescribed amoxicillin. We gave him the antibiotic as dosed until Friday morning (1/16/15) when his lips turned blue. I immediately took him to the pediatrician and he was staring off and not responding when I called his name and his lips were in and out of a blue the whole way to the office.  When we arrived at the pediatricians office his lips went back and forth in color (his oxygen saturation was normal around 95-98 -cannot remember exactly, when checked), was given a breathing treatment and responded to it but then his lips turned blue again at which point the pediatrician we saw (do not remember her name) advised we go the Hospital. On the way to hospital his lips were in and out of color and he was staring off. Upon arrival, his oxygen saturation was once again checked and it was 83%. He was put on oxygen and given Prednisone and Albuterol. An x-ray was taken and the Dr. said his lungs looked good but sounded like someone who had a bad chest cold. The Respiratory Specialist put something down his nose to get the mucus out (didn't get much of anything out). Blood was drawn. Patient seemed fine after all treatments and interventions aside from being tired and scared. He slept normally until 4 am when he woke crying again. Went back to sleep for a bit and then woke for the day. Took his morning nap as usual (still in the hospital). Meds were administered throughout this time. At around 11:30 AM he cried inconsolably for an hour (at around 45 min) the nurse on duty gave him Tylenol...he continued to cry and have violent fits and arch his back and when he calmed he'd stare off. We were discharged at 3 PM with no solid answer as to what caused the blue lips other than he has asthma. We left the hospital and over the 3 nights and days after being discharged (1/17-1/1) he cried and stared off and on ALL day and woke inconsolable. We took him in on 1/19 and Dr said his ear infections had not improved at which point he was given an injectable antibiotic. We refused further doses of antibiotics.
ITP - platelets of 3 1 week after MMR. Hospitalized x 1 d; got IVIG.
Patient had a febrile seizure and was taken to the ER.
Redness, swelling, warmth, pain.
Diffuse maculopapular rash.
Maculopapular Rash.
Developed Bells palsy.
Had temperature of 103-105 F that did not come down with fever reducing medications for approximately 48 hrs.
Client came in for TST reading and c/o (R) arm hurting it very  itchy. PHN observed arm to have big red area measuring 40mm by 35mm in size. Client also c/o that clothing touching arm hurt as well.
Febrile seizure-45 secs of blank stare and bilateral upper extremity shaking-no treatment.
Slight fever, restlessness, pain in both legs, right greater than left. No injection site reaction noted. Bilateral strength intact. No PCP. Referred to clinic.
Red, warm, swollen area of right thigh after recent vaccine. Dx: cellulitis of (R) thigh. TX: BACTRIM oral 10 days.
Developed Bronchiolitis, nebulizer with albuterol, amoxicillin, prednisolone prescribed.
Patient had a sudden onset of fever that started out staying around 101-102 degrees Fahrenheit that continued for four days reaching a max of 104.5 degrees Fahrenheit. He also suffered a ruptured tympanic membrane on 02/08/2015. The infant was dosed regularly with Tylenol and Motrin alternating every three hours and fevers continued to stay above 100 degrees Fahrenheit.
Fever. Not herself x 2 days.. increased fussiness. Mother notes usually well mannered, now crying more. Pulling at ears last night, fever spike 101.5, 11:30pm last night. LEG PAIN, TREAT WITH IBUPROFEN. SEIZURES-SENT TO HOSPITAL.
Pt started developing rash on Sunday 2/1/15. Was seen at hospital and was Dx with skin viral infection. Mother stated rash got worse and brought him to clinic on 2/3/15 where he was Dx w/ measles.
This spontaneous report as received from a Nurse Practitioner refers to a 12 month old female patient developmentally delayed. The patient's medical history included left sided weakness and constipation. Nurse practitioner confirmed that all medical history developed on unspecified dates prior to receiving M-M-R II, VAQTA, VARIVAX (Merck) and PREVNAR (manufacturer unknown). None drug reactions/allergies were reported. On 05-JAN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot # K001997, expiry date 10-FEB-2016. Other suspect therapies included dose of VAQTA 0.5 ml, intramuscular, lot # K005958, expiry date 09-FEB-2017, dose of VARIVAX (Merck) 0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot number K009757 and expiry date 09-JUL-2016 and a dose of PREVNAR (manufacturer unknown) dose, route, lot number and expiry date were not reported. None concomitant medication provided. The nurse practitioner stated that the patient developed a fever of 103.3f and a heart rate of 189 within 20 hours of receiving M-M-R II, VAQTA, VARIVAX (Merck) and PREVNAR (manufacturer) on 05-JAN-2015. The nurse practitioner reported that she saw the patient in the office this morning (on 06-JAN-2015) and the patient's temperature was 101/3 F and her heart rate was 178. The nurse practitioner stated that she referred the patient today to an unspecified hospital to have routine lab work drawn, a chest x-ray, and an electrocardiogram (EKG). The nurse practitioner reported that the patient was in route to the hospital at this time to have the above tests done. The patient had not been admitted to the hospital yet. On 07-JAN-2015, the Nurse practitioner reported that the patient was still in an unspecified emergency room since yesterday but has not been admitted yet. At the time of the report the patient did not receive any treatment. The outcome of patient developed a fever of 103.3 F was reported as not recovered. Relatedness between the therapy with M-M-R II, VAQTA and VARIVAX (Merck) and the event: fever of 103.3 F was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Information has been received from a pharmacist on 10-FEB-2015, concerning a 12 month old male patient with gastric reflux and no known allergies. The patient's medical history included eczema and ear infection. On 04-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot # K005574, expiration date 17-APR-2016) (dose and route unspecified). Concomitant therapies included omeprazole. On 09-FEB-2015, the patient experienced seizure-like movements and 101F fever and went to an emergency department on 10-FEB-2015 at 12:11. The patient was treated for the seizure-like movements with DILANTIN, phenobarbital, VERSED, and lorazepam, and he was transported to another hospital at 02:24 on 10-FEB-2015, by flight transport to be admitted for further evaluation. The patient underwent blood culture and other unspecified blood tests without results. The pharmacist requested a lot check for the lot of M-M-R II that the patient received. The outcome of events was unknown. The pharmacist considered the event seizure-like movements to be medical significant due to normally, patients don't get put on a VERSED infusion and then flown to another hospital to be admitted. This is one of several reports from same source. Additional information has been requested.
Patient developed raised red morbiliform rash. Reportedly started on face. By the time of the visit has spread to upper extremities and shoulders. Otherwise well, afebrile.
MMR and varicella given in same arm, (L), and approximately 1/2 apart, and given in deltoid muscle. Client states she had ot go to ER for local reaction. (+) Cellulitis.
Noticed bilateral parotid gland swelling, fussiness, fever up to 101.5. Later noticed testicular tenderness.
Fever, Cough, Rash covering torso and face, swollen and watery eyes.
High fever starting 1/11/15 to 105.5 nasal and eye discharge. Fussiness.
Redness and irritation on injection site on right leg, patient prescribed: Sulfamethoxazole-Trimethoprim 200-40mg/5mL take 5 mL po BID x 10 days.
Tonic-clonic seizure - lasted about 5 min. Felt warm to dad. Did not take temp.
Pt c/o itching, swelling of injection site, redness, hardness, and uncomfortable pain that started on Feb 10th and has persisted to present day.
Febrile Seizure.
Patient developed and kept low grade fever x 1 week past administration of MMR vaccine. CBC was done.
Rash all over body and fevers.
Patient c/o intense itching shortly after MMR injection. Ice applied. Reaction remained local. Take to E.R. for evaluation.
Patient was positive for VZV by PCR 1/15/15.
Took to urgent care on 2/6. Was vomiting. Falling asleep and had fever of 103.
Facial numbness which became facial paralysis or Bells Palsy.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a 18 month old patient of unknown gender. Patient's concurrent conditions and relevant medical history was not reported. On 09-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number: K008814 with expiry date of 19-JUN-2016), (0.5 ml, once) and VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number: K010438 with expiry date of 22-JUL-2016) (0.5 ml, once), both subcutaneously. Concomitant medications were not reported. On 11-JAN-2015, 3 days after onset of therapy the patient experienced pink maculopapular rash from the groin to the abdomen and an ear infection. No treatment was given for the adverse events. The patient sought medical attention by visiting to the office. The outcome of rash maculopapular and ear infection was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The causality of the events with VARIVAX (Merck) and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
About a day or so after the shot, patient spiked a 103 degree temp, followed by shaking in the night and febrile like seizures.  Since this day, about every 3 days or so, she has continued to have a yo-yo fever, and at night she sometimes shakes.  She has not been sick or had any other isolated events except the MMR vaccine, which is why I think there is a high possibility for the cause.
Developed fever around 7:30 PM five 1/2 days after MMR and had febrile seizure at 1:27am.
MEMBER HAD SYNCOPE EPISODE AFTER RECEIVING 4 VACCINES.  MEMBER HAD POSITIVE LOC FOR 20 TO 30 SECONDS. MEMBER WAS THEN MONITORED AND GIVEN ORAL HYDRATION.
Fever of 105, breathing issues, fatigue, rash, oxygen dropped to 74. Fevers lasted for 9 days. On Day 11 high fever returned with rash.
Started with weakness, then runny nose and cough the next day with a fever of 99.5 which lasted 3 days, then 104 fever and severe coughing for 3 more days.  The Dr prescribed oral steroids for cough, continued Advil and Tylenol, and antibiotics.
Started with fever of 100.5, loss of appetite, extreme lethargy, runny nose, cough for 5 days.  Then a rash for a week.
Patient had fever and developed a rash.
Rash and fever.
Pt received vaccine and developed redness with a raised area. Warm to touch. Pt evaluated by MD and advised warm compresses and TYLENOL or ibuprofen for pain.
Seizure with fever to 102. C. Counted < 5 min, generalized seizures.
Diffuse rash that started on face and spread to the rest of her body, coughing, diarrhea, low-grade fever, chills, facial edema.
Lacy reticulated rash on arms/legs/Abdomen. Few salmon colored macules. Decreased PO intake, Cheeks are more red than normal. Emesis x 2 regurgitation non-bloody.
Headache started first, mid afternoon, then a couple of hours later, spiked a fever of 103 and vomited. Fever went down to 101 without medications within an hour, but headache persisted. Fever went back up within 24 hours and was 103-104 for 36 hours. Administered acetaminophen initially until fever could be tolerated and then it was sustained at 102 for 12 hours before starting to go down. A stuffy nose and low energy followed the next day.
Seizure with fever - 1/29/15. Seen at ER, fever, cough and congestion. Negative flu and strep.
Local site reaction to Hep A. Induration, red, oval size 2.5cm to left thigh. Recommend symptomatic care. Recommend against finishing this series given the significance of involvement.
No fever - sleepy yesterday. PC from APRN - rash generalized - started belly, chest, back, face - none arms/legs - PC to State Epidemiologist - no link to other case afebrile Epi staff report vax assoc. Rash RT MMR.
Seizure, fever, rash.
Irritability. Measles like rash.
Started run low fever Sunday afternoon. Continued to run fever or approx. 102 (rectal temp) Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Wednesday began coughing, fever increased to 104 that evening. Thursday cough continued to get worse. Fever went back up to 104.1 Thursday night. Friday ran fever 102-104 all day. Went to doctor's and diagnosed with small pneumonia in upper part of lung. Currently on 10 days of antibiotics.
FEBRILE SEIZURES, FEVER.
The patient suffered a fever higher than 104 degrees and was extremely lethargic. This high fever lasted for a total of 5 days.
My daughter received 4 year old vaccinations (Dtap, Polio, MMR, Varicella).  She was fine for about 5 minutes post vaccinations.  Then, she stated her head and stomach hurt.  I asked her dad to go ahead and take her to car.  She then got very pale.  He picked her up, but she vomited and proceeded to pass out.  After 20 minutes, she finally came back to normal.  We had to continuously call her name to wake her.  The doctor came back in the room.  She asked the nurses could one of the vaccinations possibly have one of her allergens, and they stated no.  Her blood glucose was tested, and it was completely normal.  I do feel like she had a strong allergic reaction to these vaccinations.
Febrile seizures, rash.
Son was unresponsive 01/30/2015 and was very disoriented. After numerous tests administered by hospital, neurologist attributed mental status to adverse reaction to MMR vaccine.
Onset of rash, nasal drainage, congestion on 2-22. Parents brought child to an urgent care on 2-24-15. He was diagnosed with otitis media and pharygitis. The physician also ordered IgG and IgM for measles and a viral swab was sent for viral culture.
High fever, red eyes, swollen eyes, runny nose, cough, rash covering entire face, ears, arms, chest, and back. Some on legs.
Patient sent to ED 2/4/2015 for evaluation of fever of unknown origin with abnormal posturing involving back and neck, concern for meningitis, adverse reaction to vaccine. Fever max 104F 2/3/15.
Experienced chest tightness and heaviness and asthma like symptoms starting about 45-60 minutes after vaccination. Went to the Emergency Room for testing and treatment.
Patient first developed spots to the right side of her face on 02/21/2015 sometime in the afternoon. Patient boarded a flight.  When patient arrived home rash began to spread from cheek to rest of body, entire body was covered except palms and soles of feet. Mom reports by 2/22/2015 patient was covered with rash. Patient also had slight runny nose and low grade fever. Patient came to our office on 2/24/2015 reporting rash was not as bad as it had been two days ago. Patient presented in office with rash to body from head to toe zero rash to palms or soles of feet. Rash to arms and legs redder, flat, blanching.
Redness down arm, swelling, pain in arm, itchiness.
About 2 minutes after vaccine was given the patient had feelings of syncope followed by 15 seconds of seizure like activity. Patient was taken to ER for evaluation. Patient refused treatment and only allowed heart monitor to be put on and drank oral fluids.
Hives within 30 minutes of giving vaccines.
This case was reported by a physician via call center representative and described the occurrence of papular rash in a 4-year-old female patient who received KINRIX (batch number A75B7, expiry date 3rd September 2016). Co-suspect products included MMR (batch number K007974, expiry date 3rd June 2016) and VARIVAX (batch number K002036, expiry date 10th February 2016). On 8th January 2015, the patient received KINRIX .5 ml, MMR and VARIVAX. On 8th January 2015, immediately after receiving KINRIX, the patient experienced papular rash. On an unknown date, 2 days after receiving KINRIX, the patient experienced eye swelling and giant urticaria (serious criteria GSK medically significant). On an unknown date, the outcome of the papular rash, eye swelling and giant urticaria were not recovered/not resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the papular rash, eye swelling and giant urticaria to be related to KINRIX. Additional information received: Patient experienced papular rash in the buttock area and in the leg area. The patient's giant urticaria was everywhere. Physician recommended patient to go to emergency room.
31 yo healthy female presented to HC for evaluation of a vaccine reaction to her (R) upper arm. She received MMR (MFX TSR lot # not recorded) to her Right Arm on 26 January at 14:30 and Varicella to her left arm. She states she had no initial reaction: no urticarial lesions, no oral or throat swelling, chest pain, increased HR, dizziness or nausea or emesis. The next evening she noted severe pruritus and burning starting to her upper arm. Her boyfriend noted redness and swelling on her upper arm and gave her a topical steroid (type unknown) and BENADRYL, which provided relief and she continued to dose. The next morning she noted a raised area at the injection site, and the affected area has continued to enlarge to include her shoulder and chest wall, and burning radiating distal to her wrist and hand. Her (R) earlobe itches and external (R) neck. There is no shortness of breath, oral itching, burning or swelling. There was no numbness or tingling. She had tenderness at the injection site, affected pruritic areas and axilla. She did not have joint pain including shoulder and elbow. She felt otherwise well, without fever or chills or malaise. She had normal strength and function, and only mild discomfort. Physical exam demonstrated 2x2 inch area of edema and erythema at posterior upper arm injection site surrounded by less severe very large patch 13 x 12 inches to right upper posterior arm and extending posterior and lateral across scapula, (R) chest wall, palpable lymphadenopathy to (R) axilla with tenderness and tenderness only to supraclavicular area. Increased warmth, tenderness, darker skin tone and edema to involved area. Edema noted to posterior axilla. She was treated with oral prednisone 60 mg daily and topical LIDEX and oral cetirizine three times a day. She was much improved in 24 hours per telephone follow-up. She was seen in clinic at 48 hours with symptoms nearly resolved in the medications were stopped.
Pt has a red, raised lump on the back of right arm that is warm to the touch.
3/2/15- MMR, Tdap, Meningococcal administered. 3/3/15- Patient started present with a rash. Neck bilateral arms, hands and face. Erythema, raised, borderline. 3/5/15- Rash still present, no resolution. Patient sent to Urgent Care.
Vasovagal reaction at time of vaccine administration, then developed red raised, urticarial rash from head to umbilicus.
BEGINNING THE EVENING OF THE DAY THE BABY WAS VACCINATED, HE HAD LONG PERIODS (SEVERAL HOURS) OF INCONSOLABLE SCREAMING.  THIS CONTINUED UNTIL THE MORNING OF 03/06/2014, AT WHICH POINT HE EXPERIENCED ABOUT 30 MINUTES OF INTERMITTENT SEIZURE ACTIVITY, FOLLOWED BY A PERIOD OF UNRESPONSIVENESS, CYANOSIS, HYPERGLYCEMIA, AND HYPOTHERMIA.
This spontaneous report as received from the patient's mother refers to a 1 year old female patient with no known allergies. The patient had none medical history. On 03-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (albumin status was not reported) and a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (dose, lot#, expiration date, site and route of administration were not reported for both). There was no concomitant medication. On 03-FEB-2015, in the evening, the patient developed fever (highest reading was 104.3 F). The event was ongoing despite use of MOTRIN. On 06-FEB-2015, the patient developed rash on her face. The patient was seen by her physician on 06-FEB-2015. Strep test and flu evaluate were negative. In February 2015 (reported as over the weekend), the rash progressed to generalised all over child's body. The outcome of events was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II and VARIVAX (Merck) was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
MMR, VZV and Hep A given 1/30/15 and 16 days later had complex seizure with respiratory failure requiring intubation also had Moraxella pneumonia and fever at time. No past hx of febrile seizures. No FHX of seizures.
Had fever 24 hours after MMR and on and off for 5 days after that. Also had rash on cheek with some swelling of face and neck. Reported staring episodes and acting loopy and out of it on and off.
Seen in office 02/09/15 for 18 mo WCE; pt was behind on imm., total of 4 given in thighs; 2 SQ's given-(1) in each arm. S/s began 02/11/15; Seen in office for eval-> 6 x 8cm area of erythema with induration to (lt0 thigh; afebrile; Tx=supportive ibuprofen of 6-8 hours; warm moist compresses; return if worsens.
The site of the injection became very painful, so patient cried when it was touched or his leg was moved. Patient developed a red rash starting near his hairline by his ears, the rash spread and enlarged across his body, in the groin area, on his stomach, on his arms, face and the nape of his neck. He also developed swollen hands, feet and eyelids. His temperature became elevated and he was very fussy.
Severe numbness of the rear tongue, post nasal drip, dry eye, noticable lack of facial symmetry.
Measles like rash, itching with no resolution with steroids and antihistamines and still has on 3/12/15.
Patient had vaccines (below) on 1/22/15. On 2/10/15 developed grand mal seizure < 5 minutes and fever up to 102 F. Also diagnosed with croup on 2/11/15- given oral steroids.
Bright red rash, raised up, very hot to touch, swollen. Took her to the emergency room and they started her on antibiotics.
2 febrile seizures (generalized tonic-clonic, short). Temp of 39.6C around 12:00PM. First seizure at 3:00PM. Second seizure at 6:00pm. According to ED note, patient was very tired after second seizure, prompting father to take him to Emergency Department.
Rash to face, chest, abdomen, back, upper extremities, periarea.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician and a health care worker refers to a 15 month old patient of unknown gender. The patient's concurrent conditions or  medical history were not reported. On 26-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of MMR II (dose, route, anatomical location, lot number and expiration date were not reported) and on 07-FEB-2015, developed an unspecified rash and pyrexia. The patient was seen in the emergency department that same day and was released without being admitted (on the same day), with a prescription for unspecified antibiotics. On 09-FEB-2015, the patient presented to the physician's office, the patient's mother reported that the rash had worsened but the fever however had subsided. The physician reported that the rash might be measles but he was unable to make a determination at the time of the report. The health care worker inquired how long after administration can titers be drawn to determine measles immunity and if measles immunity created an IgG or IgM response. No lab diagnostics were performed. Additional information has been requested.
Received routine immunizations at 4 yr check up 1/30/15 was on d9 of amoxicillin for (R) otitis media, Amox ended 1/31/15. Onset rash 2/1/15, seen at hospital ER 2/1/15 and diagnosed allergic reaction to Amox. Treated BENADRYL and ORAPRED. Seen in office 2/2/15 and diagnosed erythema multiforme minor.
Went to physician with vesicular rash on upper trunk. <50. Dr treated pt. with acyclovir.
Vaccinated 1/6, on 1/14 started with a fever-103 and on and off over the weekend, slight runny nose and cough. Sunday afternoon noticed a slight rash-on 1/14 move on face and trunk and then spread to back of arms-fever broke evening on 1/19.
2/11/15 - started with red eyes per mom, 2/12 - started Kw/ runny nose, cough and fever 101.5 that AM, very grumpy (told had B/L OM-started on ZITHROMAX and dexamethasone for croup. 2/15 - started with red rash on neck, torso and has spread - fever broke 2/15. 2/16 - rash got worse. 2/17 - rash spread to arms and legs.
Pt states that she was itching and showed some type of rash on both arms and anterior thighs, and some in the flank area.
Patient received 1 yr vaccines on 01-15-15. On back of (R) arm there is noted redness and a bump. This RN did not see child, mom sent me pictures. Advised to go to primary dr to get it looked at. Went to dr. Thought maybe reaction to filler. Gave low dose BENADRYL every morning for a week as reported by mom.
Hives on face reported by Mon > post 20 min imm. Hives cleared before patient was seen by provider.
Rash over face and arms intiailly reported-progressed to include Koplik spots, light sensitivity, no fever 2/4/14-headache, loss of appetite.
Upper left arm swelling and redness.
Saturday, 3/7. child had a fever (really hot) at 1:30 Am. Given ibuprofen and slept in a diaper. Child was crabby around noon. Mom thought teeth were bothering her so gave a dose of ibuprofen. Child was fine until 6:30-7 pm. Child felt warm but was not given anything. Played in the pool until child stared off and then eyes rolled back and child started twitching. Ambulance called and temp was 103.1. From motel to hospital child came around. Mom said seizure was about 1-3 minutes. Temp at ER was 100.9 rectally. ER gave ibuprofen. Parents were told child had a febrile seizure. Child has been fine since episode.
Patient states began having a dry cough on 3/9/15. She went to her private physician who gave her a cough medicine with codeine.  On 3/10/15, she began having hives (welp-like and patchy), headaches, fatigue, diarrhea, joint pain, hip pain, and sweating. She went to the ER on the evening of 3/10/15.  She was told at the ER that it was not an allergic reaction to the cough medicine but they didn't know what was wrong. They gave her a Medrol Dose pack.  Her symptoms persist and she is going to see the doctor today due to persistent rash and fatigue.
Patient had fever on 2/21-2/23; experienced febrile seizure x 2 on 2/23/15. Pt evaluated at ER on 2/23.
Developed rash to face within 4 hours of receiving MMR injection. Following morning woke with swollen face/rash to face, stomach pains.
Patient with febrile illness starting 6 days after vaccination. Nightly fever with myalgias for 6 nights, then improved. Patient did have blood work and urine studies done which were normal.
He had a classic measles rash and fever.
Temp of 103 sometime after vaccines, presented to ER at 1833 with febrile seizure lasting approx. 1 minute.
FEVER, SORE THROAT, VOMITING.
Fever, febrile seizure, abdominal pains, change in behavior; tested negative for mono, no treatment.
Mother noticed scabbed lesions on the evening of 2/26/15. Denies fever. Presented to clinic with scabbed lesions on abdomen, leg, buttocks, and chest. Time of office visit 10:20 on 3-2-15.
Child upset, crying flailing could not comfort 15 minutes. Gave Motrin and she fell asleep. Later she was in car seat and was disengaged, disoriente, trembling head bobbing and shaky. Her eye turning out to the side.
Swelling of lips. PO BENADRYL given.
Patient complained of itching; experienced fever of 102 degrees F; left arm swollen and hot; anxiousness.
Redness and swelling at the injection site within 5 minutes of getting vaccines.  After noticing the redness, mother of patient stated that he gets irritated with some types of band aides. We removed the band aides from the sites and had the provider evaluate the swelling.  The patient had no redness or swelling on other parts of the body.  Patient was reevaluated at 2:45 PM after observation and the redness and swelling was improving.  When reevaluated at 3:15 PM the patient did not have any swelling or redness at the site.  Mother was advised of signs of allergic reaction and what actions to take if the patient started having a reaction again.
Leg swollen, red, bruised, painful.
Patient received vaccine on 3-4-15 due to hospital employee policy change. Patient had titers drawn and were negative. Patient woke up in the middle of the night of 3-11-15 with right jaw pain and swelling. Patient was seen at medical clinic on 3-12-15. Trimethoprim 100mg was given to patient. Patient was required to stay home from work due to working in a health care facility. Patient was then seen again on 3-14-15 to follow up. At that time, the patient's symptoms had resolved.
Pt with fever 102 degrees post vaccine -> (B) otitis media -> AMOXIL 11 days post vaccination, pt with temp 100.1 previous OM but developed papular rash to chest -> neck -> cheeks -> trunk; spared extremities. Abx's d/c but rash progressed in few of the papular vesicles; no pustules. Rash resolved 5 days.
Began showing a rash starting at neck then by 3pm it was full body and temp of 101.9 was taken. I called Dr. and they said no problem it was a reaction I called back at 3 pm when temp reached 102 and my child was nauseous and lethargic at 8 pm I called and they said watch him closely through the night and bring him a 8 am to Dr. office unless breathing stopped or became labored before that point or fever reached 104 or higher. At this point he was sleeping hard with a 102 fever and very tired but responsive. At this appt we were tested for strep and Scarlett Fever which were both positive. we were given antibiotics for these illnesses. After 7 days on antibiotic March 17th 2015  my child began running a high temperature of 100.2 vomitting and began diarrhea which has continued on till 03/22/2015 with no relief we will be seeing Dr. tomorrow.
Information has been received from a nurse practitioner referring to a 24 year old female patient. The patient had no pertinent medical history and no drug allergies. On 28-JAN-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) injection (dose, route and lot number were not reported). Other suspect therapies included a dose of M-M-R II (dose, route and lot number were not reported) on the same date. There was no concomitant therapy. Subsequently the patient was determined to be pregnant with last menstrual period (LMP) of 29-JAN-2015 and estimated date of delivery (EDD) of 05-NOV-2015. A home pregnancy test performed on an unknown date in 2015 was positive and then a prenatal ultrasound in the office confirmed the pregnancy. No problems reported. It was reported that no treatment was given to the patient. At the time of this report, the patient had a gestation of 4 weeks. The pregnancy outcome was unknown. Additional information is not expected since the reporter is not allowed to be contacted.
Patient received the varicella (VARIVAX) SQ (R) arm on 3/9/15. On 3/11/15 - pt. mom noticed redness with edema to (R) upper arm at site of injection. Area tender/warm to touch.
Vomiting and fever.
Employee states itching to left hand began Wednesday afternoon, no rash noted. Thursday AM woke up with headache, rash on nose cheek, and left hand. Not reported to Employee health until employee presented Friday @ 9;45 am. Presented with red rash to left cheek, nose, around mouth. Itching to scalp, rash with blisters to left hand. Employee stated itching was intensifying and felt achy along with having a headache. Employee states felt voice was raspy and maybe needed her inhaler. Employee not in acute respiratory distress. Resps easy and regular. Employee sent to ED for medical evaluation and treatment of symptoms. On 3/25 Employee reports she saw PCP after rash worsened and became more generalized despite completing Medrol pack prescribed in ED. Employee states she was referred to Dermatologist where she received a steroid shot and cream. States MD said rash may be related to vaccine but was not certain. Employee states rash generalized to extremities trunk and face with weeping to some areas.
Diffuse erythema, vomiting, hypothermia, wheezing, anaphylaxis concerning.
Fever and leg pain on night of vaccination, difficulty sleeping at night two days after vaccination, Fever continues, Swelling of inguinal lymph glands about 7 days post vaccination, Fever of 100.0 on 03/26/15.
8 days after MMR, pt. diagnosed ITP platelet count=9.
MMR #1 given 13Feb2015. On 24 Feb pt developed blood fr. nasopharynx coughed up blood, also nausea, decreased focus and migraine and a lump under chin, seen in urgent care on 25 Feb pt had fever 102 intermittent until about 27 Feb and rash over trunk, extremities. 3 and 4 March pt reports flare up of rash.
Viral syndrome, aching, fever, tachycardia, progressive red rash on upper legs bilaterally, spreading to abdomen and buttocks, spreading up sides to underarms, very painful.
Given MMR vaccine 3/3/15. Did well until 3/12/15 when rash appeared. Rash maculopapular, generalized, on exam 3/13/15. Per mother lower lip swollen, eyes swollen prior to BENADRYL shot 3/13/15.
Malaise. Facial flushing/bosy flushing. Body aches. Feeling hot. Has goosebumps.
Pt. came in for office visit with complaint of a rash, patient had vesicles on skin and was diagnosed with vaccine induced varicella.
Patient experienced redness and swelling of upper left thigh following vaccination. Symptoms started the morning after. F/U with Dr. on 3/16, given BENADRYL liquid and Fluocinolone Acetonide topical oil.
Full body rash.
16Mar15 patient reported to work area to show reaction to injection site on left arm (deltoid area). Large/red/raised area noted (2.5 x 3.5). Patient reported rxn started approx Saturday (3/14/15) night after injections. BENADRYL taken. Patient instructed to report to local hospital for evaluation. Patient en route for evaluation. Updated MEDPROS MR.
Angioedema on 3-26-15 upon waking; epinephrine prednisone and Benadryl. Has had 3 more reactions 3-28-15 lip swelling, 3-30-15 lip and eye swelling upon waking, and 3-31-15 hives upon waking; all treated with Benadryl.
Developed hives and facial swelling the afternoon after receiving vaccines treated w/ BENADRYL and resolved w/i 8 hrs.
After receipt of the MMR, she had a few sips of a Starbucks caramel Macchiato (contains espresso (coffee), vanilla, milk and caramel - she added nothing else). Approximately 30 minutes following immunization, she noted flushing and intense itching of her palms, then feet, then scalp. Within about 5 minutes, she noted throat tightness and perhaps a degree of chest tightness, she denies cough or wheeze, and coworkers noted facial flushing/blotching. On the way back to medical, throat tightness worsened and she felt her tongue was swelling. In the clinic she observed to have flushing over face and between eyes; both conjunctivas were injected; there were pinpoint red spots on neck and hands and palms of hands were very red. Bottom of feet were somewhat red. There was 1 fresh hive on her back; chest clear; throat and vulva normal; no obvious distress except for itching. She was treated with epinephrine (IM), BENADRYL (PO) and ALLEGRA (PO) 1 hr after receipt of vaccine. She was observed for 1.5 hours, by which time all the signs and symptoms had cleared and she was released with an EpiPen.
This spontaneous report as received from a consumer refers to a 11 year old male patient. The patient's medical history was not reported. On 25-FEB-2015, the patient was in the physicians's office to receive M-M-R II (albumin status not provided), GARDASIL and unspecified tetanus toxoid vaccine (lot #, dose, route and site of administration were not provided for all the vaccines). The patient received 2 out of the 3 vaccines during the visit. The nurse administering the vaccines informed that the patient received M-M-R II and tetanus toxoid vaccine. On 25-FEB-2015, after administration of the 2 vaccines, the patient's face became pale white and he passed out. When the patient regained consciousness, he vomited. No medical treatment was given for the adverse events. The outcome of loss of consciousness, vomiting and pallor was unknown. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II and GARDASIL was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a 4 year old female patient. Patient had none relevant medical history. No drug reactions or allergies were reported. On 12-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a first dose of MMR II (lot # K011317, expiration date: 13-AUG-2016) dose 1, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously. Concomitant medication was not reported. On 12-FEB-2015, also reported as over the weekend, the patient developed a fever of 103.4F, she was lethargic with no appetite and was unable to sleep. The patient's mother called the office and spoke with the physician, but any recommended treatment was unspecified. She stated that the patient developed a rash on her torso, which spread to her back, abdomen and then her face. She stated that the physician performed blood work and tested her CBC, which came back normal (on an unknown date in February 2015). No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. On 23-FEB-2015, the patient recovered from fever (the patient's fever was gone). The outcome of the other events was reported as recovering. The reporting nurse stated that the rash was still present but was very faint. The relatedness between the events and MMR II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Papulovesicular rases (scattered lesion) noted on 3/12/15 (10 days after immunization). Fever with rash and nasal congestion. Erythematous some time swelling at swelling of injection also noted on 3/11/15.
Patient complained of redness, swelling and tenderness at injection site in Left arm. Patient was treated with Keflex 500 mg every 12 hours for 7 days. Apply ice to the site and take 600 mg of Ibuprofen for pain.
Pt woke up on 3/23/15 with fever of 102 degrees F and pimple-like rash on neck. Over the next several hours, pt developed red macular-papular rash on face, neck, abd, chest, back and groin. Pt has been more tired with rash. Also, started with clear nasal drainage on 3/23/15. Pt seen in office on 3/26/15, afebrile. No changes with rash.
Fever 99.5-101.5. Seizure. Lethargy, decreased appetite x 1-3 days.
Pt had vaccines on 3/27/15 and broke out in a rash on her torso and thighs on 3/30/15.
Blanchable erythematous macules on trunk, 3-5 mm indurated confluent, 1-2 cm of erythema with 2-3 raised papules on the (R) lateral thigh.
3/25 fever started.  Treated with alternating infant Tylenol and infant Advil every 3 hours.  Fever lasted 9 days on and off.  Runny/stuffy nose and cough (cold) started 3/26.  Rash started 3/29.  Pink eye started 4/1/15.  Taken to urgent care on 4/1/15.  Diagnosed with pink eye and double ear infection.  On 4/2 the rash seemed better, but on 4/4 it was worse, then looked better again on 4/5.  On 4/6 she still has a small rash, stuffy/runny nose.
Mother reports a pruritic rash that began on his face within hours of receiving the immunizations, the rash then spread to the remainder of his body. No other issues reported. Arrived 4/7/15 for treatment of the rash.
Received vaccines documented below at approximately 1400. At 1700 the same day the patient developed fever to 104 F. Was taken to an ED, where he was documented to have an 8 minute generalized tonic-clonic seizure and then a second seizure with left sided shaking (unknown duration).
MMR given on 3/26/15. Rash started 4/6/15, widespread by 4/7/15. No treatment needed.
Papules on hands, increased next day to include hands, feet and face, seen 4/6/15 in office with papular vesicular rash face, hands, feet primarily, few on neck and trunk, buttock. Diagnosed Gianotti Crostti.
Patient states he had a severe local reaction following vaccination with Tdap, with red, swollen, painful right arm from shoulder to elbow, swollen axillary lymph nodes, and a streak of bruising following a superficial vein down to his wrist.
Pt reported dizziness and chest discomfort. Pt medications she was taking are Linsinopril, Zocor and Synthroid. Pt requested MMR/VZV/Td or Tdap to fullfill requierments for a green card.
Left thigh approximately 8cm area marked w/ erythema approximately 6cm. Tender to palpation. Ambulating. No fever. Local reaction.
Febrile seizure.
Child had immediate erythematous reaction on posterior left upper arm after receiving varicella vaccine. 10 days later developed a maculopapular rash surrounding the erythematous area and spread rapidly to trunk and face. Also had fever of 102.9. Diagnosed with Varicella on 4/11/15. Treated with Acyclovir.
Child began running fever after vaccinations. At approximately 1830 child began having seizure like activity. Parent took to ED immediately, when temp check rectally it was 104.7. Was given MOTRIN. Parents state seizure lasted around 5 mins.
Vaccines given on 3/30/15. Rash started to appear 4/1/15 and 4/2/15 various sizes of batches over entire body, white center surround by red edge c/o very itchy - client went to PMD.
Initially presented to emergency room with complaints of itching and burning of skin.  Was treated in the Emergency Room and released.  Patient then presented to the Emergency Room again in the early morning hours of 4/9/15 with complaints of malaise, shortness of breath and epigastric pain.
RN had second step PPD planted yesterday in left forearm, also received MMR in left upper arm. Overnight her arm in area of the PPD felt like it was on fire, like I had a bee sting. She had no reaction to TUBERSOL at the first step. Has had only one other PPD she can recall in past which was neg. No travel outside country in past year. Mother has hx of + PPD. The area of skin around MMR site is not bothering her.
HIVES ON FACE, WHEEZING, COUGHING, TACHYPNEA.
Fever for 2 days highest temp 105.1 Temporal, given Tylenol and Motrin.  c/o Rhinorrhea for 2 days clear in color. Cranky with fever. Wanting to play now as fever is down.  Denies: Cough. Ear pain. Nasal congestion. Feeding difficulty. c/o Diarrhea for 1 day had one episode this AM, watery, no blood or mucous. Denies: Vomiting. Denies: Rash.
2 days after vaccine, noted flushed neck and face; had chills for 2 nights prior. Injection site red raised and generalized redness over arm, neck, chest, thighs, back.
Given in upper arm. Redness, swelling to elbow, pain and fever of 100.8.
Shortness of breath, chest pain, throat closing.
Serve rash covering approximately 45% of body.
Small red bumps appeared on forehead and neck, by 7:30pm small bumps were noticed throughout torso area. No fever, no vomiting or any other side effects. By 6:00am, the bumps were bright red, all over his body, and were itchy.
Swollen lymph glands under (L) arm. Started 72 hr after injection, muscle and skeletal pain- Back and chest area started 72 hr after injection. Pain increased 1 week later. Lasted 16 days. Seen by PCP. Treated with ADVIL, Rest and Heat Pad.
Left eye swelling, vomiting, lower lip swelling, watery eyes.
4/16 sporadic fever up to 103, irritated eyes. 4/17 sporadic fever up to 103, irritated eyes, coughing. 4/18 sporadic fever up to 103; faint rash on face, coughing. 4/19 faint rash covering entire body, coughing. 4/20 full blown measles rash covering entire body, coughing; visited pediatrician - diagnosed as '99% certain it is a measles like rash caused by an adverse reaction to the MMR vaccine'. 4/21 rash covering entire body, lessened redness, coughing.
Arm pain/ unable to lift arm, headache, chills, joint pain (lasting 3+ days)swollen gland.  Rash 04/14/2015.
MOTHER'S REPORT STATED RASH AND BUMPS ON NECK, BACK, RIGHT LEG, AND BEHIND EAR. MD REPORTS: possibly d/t MMR or VZV vaccines given 11 days prior. Maculopapular rash known to occur within 1st 3 weeks after these live vaccines given. No vesicular rash, papules all blanch.
4/14/15 5:20 pm medical center for seizure which occurred shortly before then. Witnessed by parents. Generalized sx, postictal st, weakness-generalized. Received Hep A, MMR, VARIVAX 4/14/15 at 9:30 am. (Grand mal seizure)
Child woke up with rash from head to toe, fever, increased fussiness. Was tested for measles and PCR was positive.
7 x 11cm erythematous rash.
59 year old male patient comes into the Urgent Care with complaints of an allergic reaction to measles vaccine with rash on the ankle and back extending to the upper buttocks, eye discharge, runny nose, and productive coughing with green sputum interfering with sleep x28 days, onset one month after measles vaccine on 2/20/2015. Symptoms moderate and constant. Pt noted that the symptoms began approximately at the time he should have returned for the second MMR vaccine. Pt has been self-medicating with ciprofloxacin from past prescription, starting yesterday.
Itching all over body and developed rash afterwards.
Migraine and fatigue on the day of vaccination. Reported on 23 April 2015, rash and redness to the right neck, swollen lymph nodes to the right neck. Prev Med nurse reported 80mm redness and nodule to the left upper arm near injection site. Small bumps to bilateral upper portion of face. Complain of difficulty of breathing for one night. Complain of itchy to the left arm.
Patient was running a fever. Mom took him to MD. After seeing MD mom put him in his car seat and he had a grand mal seizure. An MD was in the parking lot - he call EMS and patient was transported to hospital.
Bruising all over limbs and torso. Petechiae on torso.
Febrile seizure on 4/8/15.
Fever with fussiness 4 days after immunizations, large red bump on left thigh 10 days after immunization.
Pt came to the office with rash, elevated heart rate, and elevated BP.
My daughter came down with a fever for 5 days starting on Feb 19 which was 6 days after her MMR and Varicella vaccines.  According to multiple sources online her reaction was consistent to a reaction to the Measles portion of the vaccine.  She did have a minor rash. She continued with fever and not wanting to eat anything and her illness and fever progressed from there to a possible diagnosis of Mono about a week later which was based on a monospot test which according to the CDC is not very reliable in children and her Epstein Barr results were not returned or shipped to facility because of inclement weather (that's where they send bloodwork for Epstein Barr.) She got worse after the diagnosis. She developed a terrible crust over her eyes that kept coming throughout the day for over about a week and her nose was terribly full of snot.  She was not eating still and I was having to give her Ensure everyday along with her fluids for 7 weeks to keep her fed.  Her white count at the time of the Mono diagnosis was 23,000.  She was still not eating on her own much by the first week in April (only a bite here and there) I was continuing to talk with nurse periodically about her condition on the phone and I was continuing to keep her hydrated and give her Ensure at home. On April 9th she came down with 104 fever and we tried to treat her at home for a couple of days but there was no change so on April 11 we took her to the ER and I spent 5 hours there with her as they ran tests for everything imaginable.  Her white count was still very high (22,000) and according to the ER doc nothing was showing us the cause of the fever but he decided to treat her symptom (fever) as a bacterial infection. Later on her doctor told me that the xray report showed a tiny sign of something that could have been early Pneumonia.  I have obtained copies of most of her records related to this situation.  Nothing ever cultured out bacterially speaking but the antibiotic that she was given has seemed to help and so far as of April 20th she has been better.  This has been a Very difficult time for our family as we have tried to figure out what could be wrong with our child.
Patient presented to clinic twice for eval of rash. Dx'd 4-24-15 with (R) upper thoracic shingles.
Pt received MMR booster 4/17/15, pt returned to office today 4/21/15 for Tdap vaccine. She mentions that her right arm where MMR booster was injected has a lump and feels bruised. Area on back of right arm shows 2cm raised area, surrounded by 5cm redness.
Hard lump on left leg near injection site. Has multiple little bumps. Itches.
The patient is an 1 year old female. The patient is a healthy 12mo old female infant who received varicella vaccine in addition to MMR and hep B on 01 APR 2015. The MOP reports she initially had typical fever and then did fine. Ten days after receipt she developed a vesicular exanthem, initially only to her face and then yesterday to her trunk. She has approximately 10 vesicles but hundreds of small red spots to all extremities and trunk. She was seen by Dr. at clinic and dx with vaccine induced varicella. She has no known exposure to an active infection and does not attend daycare and has limited exposure to other groups. Her symptoms have now fully resolved.
Leg that received vaccine became too painful to stand on.  Pain seems to originate in heel or ankle. Stands only on her toes on affected leg.
Fever, fussiness on quarter sized area of papular rash on right thigh at site of varicella vaccine starting 8-9 days after vaccines.
Student reported that same day she received Tdap vaccine she developed numbness and tingling; pain in the left arm from deltoid radiating down to left hand. By the next am she stated she could not feel her (L) hand.
Patient received MMR vaccine on 4/13/15. 3-4 days after the vaccine was administered, developed red spots on abd. 4/22 developed diffuse rash and fever. Rash was red, pimply, no blotches, no drainage or scabbing. Spread to neck, back and entire body excluding palms of hands and soles of feet. No oral lesions.
Woke with generalized red, maculopapular rash from head to toe this AM. (8 days after vaccine) confluent redness on face some papules/vesicles on red base throughout body. Some hive appearing lesions. No other signs of illness. Vaccine rxn vs allergic rxn to other. Seen this AM.
Rash and 99. Strep rash face, trunk, ext, maculopapular pink, seen on 2/16 and 2/19/15. Rash cleared on face and became more prominant on ext. by 2/18/15, then resolved.
About a week after vaccination, injection site in left arm had hard lump with an area 5 in diameter that is red, swollen and hot.  Joint pain and malaise also present.  Treated with antibiotic and ice.
Rash and arm soreness.
Fever, febrile seizure.
After hours call cyanotic episode 04/08/2014 at 9:52 pm. Admitted to hospital 4/11/2015 to 4/14/2015 DX seizures then admitted to hospital on 4/24/2015 to 4/27/2015 fever T105 and rash, hyper sensitivity reaction to phenobarbital.
105 degree temp, non-stop crying 4 hrs, TYLENOL was given.
Information has been received from a patient's mother referring to her 5 year old daughter without pertinent medical history. On 23-APR-2015 the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot# reported as L003221, injection, route and strength and expiration date were unknown). There was no concomitant medication. On 25-APR-2015 the patient developed a 102.8 fever at 17:00 that lasted until 09:00 the next morning. And during this time of the fever, the patient broke out into full blown measles all over her body. The mother took the patient back to the physician's office (date unspecified) and the patient was seen by two physicians one was the physician who administered the vaccine and other was the senior physician of the practice, both stated that this was a severe, very severe case of measles and the senior partner stated the worse case I have seen in years. The patient was treated with calamine lotion, TYLENOL, NEOSPORIN AF and BENADRYL. At the time of this report, the outcome of the event was not resolved. Additional information has been requested.
Itching four 12 hours starting about 20 minutes after administered (stopped after 50mg po Benadryl). On 3/20 developed pain in R jaw/cheek area, started OTC ibuprofen. Seen at employee health on 3/30/15 and given tramadol for the pain; returned to employee heath on 4/6/15 and had panorex x-rays done; diagnosed with viral parotitis secondary to MMR vaccine. Continue to follow up with employee health since symptoms continue.
Vaccine site: induration and erythema, pain and hot to touch extending 4-5 cm from injection site. Mild cellulitis.
Patient received MMR vaccine 4/22/15. Developed fever x 3 days (101-104 degrees), Koplik spots and rash on body 7 days after vaccine.
Coughing immediately after vaccination. Coughing led to stridor and respiratory distress. Within one minute, the adverse event was recognized as anaphylaxis. 1 dose of epi-junior was administered in her left thigh. Over the next five minutes patient's respirations returned to normal with a slight cough and occasional stridor when crying.
Varicella like rash.
This spontaneous report as received from the patient's grandmother refers to a 15 month old female patient. On 05-FEB-2015 the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II (lot number not reported, circular # uspi-v205c-i-1406r004). On 07-FEB-2015, 3 days after onset of therapy the patient experienced rash. It was also reported that since the patient was vaccinated with M-M-R II, whenever she eats watermelon, yogurt, dairy, egg, cheese and pickles she becomes red all over her body and face. The patient did seek medical attention with office visit. Treatment included corn starch on her body and oatmeal bath. It was reported blood work was done for allergies (results not reported). The outcome of rash is unknown. Additional information has been requested.
5/1/2015 Pt received vaccines DTaP and MMR and w/in 2-5 minutes, mom noted that pt was turning pale and witnessed pt slumped over and fell backwards while sitting on chair in exam room. Pt. was picked up and laid supine on floor. Pt. was noted to be apneic, pale, with perioral cyanosis, with copious oral secretions from mouth, eyes were rolled back. Pt was noted to be tonic with increased tone in extremities x 4. Additional help was summoned for as well as airway/emergency kit was retrieved. As suction was about to be applied to oral cavity pt. regained consciousness with return of color to face. Pt. had carotid/radial pulse present throughout event. Paramedics 911 was called but cancelled when pt. regained consciousness and cried. Vitals taken. Pulse 101 POX 98% RA BP 82/60 Blood glucose 123. Exam unchanged from 30 min prior. No focal findings on neuro exam. Pt. was observed in office for 90 minutes during which time, pt was postictal for about 45-55 minutes. After which pt regained normal disposition, laughing, smiling and telling jokes. Pt c/o of abd pain and was subsequently given Rx for azithromycin x 5 d as brother has strep (+). Gave mom referral for neurology outpt ASAP. Will telephone f/u with mom in next few days. Pt to return or mom to call for any concerns, observing for any neuro changes or vomiting or any abnormality.
Rash noted around site of VARIVAX injection. Started 3 day after injection, has spread. Area is irregular, with erythematous macular area and some well defined papular lesions, about 1 1/2 x 1 1/2, right thigh not swollen, itchy or tender. Patient seen in office 4/30/15.
Rash to legs and arms.
Area the size of a softball was reddened and swollen to left arm (deltoid muscle).  Mother stated that it was like a hard lump under the skin. Client also had a fever and felt like her throat was burning.  Child was seen in the ER on 4/4/25 and doctor told family to watch and report if it got larger.  Client had follow-up appointment on 4/6/15 with PA and swelling and redness had gone down substantially according to mother.
Patient had fever to Tmax of 103F on 05/05/2015. Low grade fevers for a total of 5 days. Measles like mildly erythematous maculopapular rash spreading over trunk, extremities and face starting 05/04/2015. Rash continues to spread. No other symptoms.
His upper lip started swelling. Mom gave him Ibuprofen in the afternoon - his lip got swollen after that. No problems breathing and no rashes.
Patient c/o mouth blisters, sore tongue and fever. She did not check temperature, just felt feverish. She took Tylenol. Had doctor visit 5/6/15.
Left upper arm erythema over triceps no signs of infection or cellulitis, swelling and 3 cm hard nodule is TTP and easily moveable at injection site, under skin. Tender to touch pain scale 8/10. No lymphadenopathy of submandibular, axillary or trochlear areas.
Information has been received from a nurse referring to her 1 year old son. No concurrent or historical conditions were reported. On 17-FEB-2015, the patient was vaccinated with MMR II and his first dose of (Merck) VARIVAX (both strength, route, dose, lot# and expiration dates unknown). On an unspecified date in April 2015, patient developed 7 to 8 vesicles on his back, 2 vesicles on his chest and 2 vesicles on his belly. Medical attention was sought by visiting the office of an unspecified physician on an unspecified date. Patient was diagnosed by physician with atypical chickenpox. No treatment was given. All vesicles resolved on an unspecified date. This is one of several reports from the same source. Additional information has been requested.
Swelling of arm with redness. No tenderness or limitation of movement.
Hives started next day - lasting 5-6 days - ORAPRED, ZYRTEC - referred to allergist.
Onset of hives within 15 minutes, parents gave antihistamine, which pt. vomited. Family then directed to ED, given epinephrine IM with rapid resolution of symptoms, prescribed 5 day course oral steroids.
Ct. evaluated at Urgent Care due to developing fever, chills and (L) arm cellulitis after receiving vaccination on 5-4-15. Sx's of fever developed late in day on 5/4/15. Redness and arm swelling early on 5/5/15. Treated with KEFLEX and pain meds. Urgent care reported full recovery expected.
Fever of 105, febrile seizures, loss of coordination, high pitched screaming for days, lethargy, muscle spasms, inability to sleep.
** Hives at site on 4/17, faded and didn't return. 4/26 At 4:30 PM complained of headache and eyes hurting. 5:00 PM fever of 100.4. Fever at highest was 101.2 that evening.  Blank stares noted 3x that evening.  Following morning fever at 100.4 again.  Complaints of weakness and inability to use legs.  * Called nurse advice line said to only monitor.  Was very sleepy and exhausted continued to complain that eyes hurt.  4/28 1:50 AM woke with violent rhythmic convulsing and unique grunting -like noises which lasted for a couple of minutes, fever was taken and was 101.4. 4/29 scheduled DR visit at 9:30.  Woke with rash, had two very evident seizures before appointment.  Had fever of 100.3 at appointment.  Dr. made follow up for EEG. EEG  4/30/15, came back abnormal.  Appointment with pediatric neurologist 5/7/15.  Confirmed Complex partial seizures in frontal lobe, with possible general seizures.  Prescribed Keppra.
High fever, change in behavior.
3/20: Injection site was swollen and red, approx. 3x1. 3/21: PM: Rash started on trunk and cheeks. 3/22, AM: Rash darkened and spread, approx. 80% of body covered. 3/20, PM: Fever of 103.
Client's right arm became swollen and red and tender later in the evening on 5/28/2015.  Client's sister noticed the arm had not reduced in size of redness and was also tender to touch on Friday, May 1, 2015. Sister took client to the hospital ED where client was seen and oral ATB was prescribed (client does not remember the name of the ATB).  When client came in to the health department 5/11/2015 for a TB skin test read, I checked her upper right arm and it was still noticeably warm and slightly swollen larger than upper left arm. Noted in immunization charting client had both MMR and V subcutaneous vaccines in the upper right arm.
Fever 103.6, headache, lethargy, malaise, skin sores, pustules.
Client developed a rash on back arms and chest.  Client stated there was over 50 dots on the child's back alone.  They are not raised, but flat purple color dots that are nearly the size of a dime the mother explained.  The client has also been itching for 2 days previous to this rash but child has history of eczema. Client has no fever and is behaving as normal otherwise.
Rash to whole body except for face and top of arms, red, itching and burning. Swelling and pain in her feet and hands.  Onset of symptoms 7 days after MMR #2 administered.  Sent to an Occupational Med physician for evaluation.  CBC, sed rate, and CMP obtained.
According to mother, patient had very fine bumps/rash from head to toe. Noted to have red spots on arms, legs, and trunk. 5/8/15 patient presented to Health Department and informed by PHN to see Dr.  8/8/15 @ 10:30 a.m. mom states Dr. told her this was an adverse reaction to the shots patient was given. Gave steroids.
My daughter starting complaining of pain in the area of her injury that she had not felt the two months prior.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse refers to a 24 year old no pregnant female patient without any pertinent medical history or drug reactions/allergies. The vaccination history was unknown. On 08-APR-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, subcutaneously, (strength, frequency and anatomical location were not reported), (lot # K014833, expiration date: 14-SEP-2016). Other suspect therapies were not reported. There was not concomitant therapy. On approximately 25-APR-2015, the patient experienced rash, which began on her fingers and spread to the inside of her elbows, hips bilaterally and the front and back of her knees bilaterally. The patient sought medical attention on 28-APR-2015 through office visit. No treatment was given for the adverse event and no lab diagnostics studies were performed. The outcome of rash was reported as not recovered/not resolved. The relatedness between rash and therapy with M-M-R II was not reported. This is one of two reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Fever to 105, shaking in afternoon that 5-12-15 after fast fever rise.
The day after shots, started out itching on both shoulders, then both arms. Two days after shots, bumps appreared on forearms with itching. The itching spread to my hand, also with bumps forming. Now forearms and hands itch with bumps.
Mother first noticed mild erythema and duration 5-06-15 and does not recall the time she became concerned 5-09-15 when it increased in size, duration and became purple in color. Pt was seen 5-10-15 by Dr who prescribed ABX x 10 days. Dx of cellulitis in (L) lateral thigh mid.
Fever (101.0)/chills, headache, body aches, snuffy/runny nose - signs of improvement on 05/18/2015. Skin sore to touch increased on 05/17/2015 and has not improved yet.
On 5/14/15 patient was taken to ER by EMS for febrile seizure. Patient's temp at the time of seizure was 103.6. ER Physician informed mom that febrile seizure was caused by MMR vaccine.
Day 84 mumpy measles on skin, high fever, body rash, vomiting, hair loss, diarrhea, chronic in all ears, screaming, coughing. Breathing difficulties, swelling neck, face, etc, etc, etc. Infectious disease, arthritis Dr neurologist. Breast swollen. Seizure activities.
Swollen lymph nodes (various locations). Extreme joint pain (various locations). Massive fluid retention. Low grade fever. Rash. Fatigue! Patient is a 56-year-old female. About two weeks ago she got an MMR vaccine and has not felt the best ever since but in the last few days she has noticed lymph nodes in the back of her neck being very swollen. She does admit that she has difficulty taking vaccines and she has been this way for a while. She states she always reacts strongly to them and in fact once before did have lymph node involvement with a prior vaccine although that was not an MMR vaccine. I believe it was a tetanus vaccine. She has no sore throat, no fever that she aware of. No nausea or vomiting or other symptoms mainly joint achiness and then these lymph nodes on the back of her neck somewhat associated with a little bit of a headache. Her past medical history is significant for osteoporosis, hypertension, GERD, fibromyalgia, and tobacco use. She is allergic to penicillin. Her current medicines are EVISTA per chart. Patient is a 56-year-old female that presents to the ER with complaints of left knee pain. She states that she woke up around 1:30 this morning and had pain into her left knee. She took 600 mg of ibuprofen around 2:30 and didn't have relief, so she decided to come to the ER to be evaluated. She believes this is all related to the MMR vaccine that she had on April 8th. On Monday she was with some coworkers eating lunch when she noticed that she had these lumps on the back of her head. She was then seen in clinic that next day by nurse practitioner who gave her ROCEPHIN, 1 gram IM. She states that her lymph nodes are still enlarged at the back of her head and also now into her neck. Now she has just had this sudden onset of left knee pain without knee injury. She believes they are all related and is concerned and wants to have it evaluated.
Generalized tonic clonic seizure.
Mom reports patient's eyes started crossing within an hour of receiving vaccine. She was seen in ED the next day and by ophthalmology on 5/11. They were concerned for papilledema so she was admitted to hospital, had MRI and LP. Dx pseudopapilledema.
Local reaction - quarter sized patch - erythematous with induration to (L) thigh. Fever Tmax 104. Fussiness.
Redness to (R) leg at injection site which worries mom so she brought to doctor.
High fever, moderate swelling of nodules between jaw and ear.
Hives all over body. Redness. Swelling. Hospital gave steroids and Benadryl.
Lips swollen, tongue and airway swollen. Hives. Hospital prescribed steroids and Benadryl.
(R) leg swelling and redness at injection site. Mom concerned enough to bring patient back to doctor.
Pt. rec'd 12 mo imm. on 05-11-15. Redness and knot appeared on Lt arm at site on 05-21-15. Pt. seen in office on 5/22/15. (+) Lt upper posterior arm with linear redness; afebrile; non-tender; no other rashes present. Area = 2.5 cm x 0.5 cm. TX = ibuprofen, ice pack; to return prn.
R leg swollen, reddened, warm to touch. Pt stated hurt to walk on. No fever. Too to urgent care, given Abx >10cm aea.
Red, warm to touch, raised area started 5.22.15 at 8 pm. Went to urgent care-prescribed AUGMENTIN antibiotic, pt. took for 2 days it went away per mom.
Information has been received from a physician and a medical assistant referring to a 4 year old female patient with bladder exstrophy which was diagnosed in 2011 and latex allergy. On unspecified dates, the patient had multiple surgeries for the bladder exstrophy. On 11-MAY-2012, the patient received the first dose of M-M-R II 0.5 ML, (lot# and expire date were not reported), subcutaneously. On 21-MAY-2015 the patient received the second dose of M-M-R II 0.5 ml, (lot# was reported as 1002242, expire date was reported as 21-JAN-2017) subcutaneously as well as a dose of KINRIX. Other concomitant therapy included BACTRIM for daily prophylactical use. Within 10 to 20 minutes the patient went into anaphylactic shock. The patient was administered a dose of epinephrine in the office as well as given oxygen. Paramedics arrived to the office and took the patient to hospital and the patient was admitted. On the same day at the hospital, the patient was administered a second dose of epinephrine as well as given BENADRYL and SOLU-MEDROL and CLARITIN. Electrolytes and a tryptophan level lab test were done but results of the labs were unspecified. On 21-MAY-2015, the patient was recovered. In the afternoon of 22-MAY-2015 the patient was discharged from the hospital. At the time of reporting, the causality was not reported. The physician stated that the anaphylactic shock the patient experienced was life threatening. Upon internal review, anaphylactic shock was determined to be medically significant event. Additional information has been requested.
This case was reported by a nurse via call center representative and described the occurrence of anaphylactic shock in a 4-year-old female patient who received KINRIX (batch number NS74P, expiry date 20th March 2017). Concomitant products included MMR vaccine. On 21st May 2015, the patient received KINRIX (unknown) .5 ml. On 21st May 2015, immediately after receiving KINRIX, the patient experienced anaphylactic shock (serious criteria GSK medically significant). On 21st May 2015, the outcome of the anaphylactic shock was recovered/resolved. It was unknown if the reporter considered the anaphylactic shock to be related to KINRIX. Additional information received: A nurse was advised by an allergist to give KINRIX and an MMR (Merck) vaccine at the same time on 21st May 2015. The patient experienced anaphylactic shock immediately after the vaccination. Patient was rushed to Emergency Room. Patient was discharged on 21st May 2015.
Localized reaction to varicella vaccination on Rt thigh SQ. Given KEFLEX and prednisolone. Silver dollar sized raised area with surrounding erythema.
3 days after vaccines, pt. developed urticaria on his trunk, upper and lower extremities. He was seen at a local ER, and was given prednisolone once daily for 5 days and BENADRYL every 6 hours.
Left arm at shot site stared having an allergic reaction, red, swollen, arm, glossy from being so swollen, turned purple lose of circulation in his arm, warm to the touch, and was itchy.
Vaccinated 5/27/15. Fever started following day. Temp max 104.2.
The patient arrived at work on 03/09/15. He received vaccinations on 3/13/15 at which time he was in his normal state of good health. The patient denied having any local or systemic side effects after vaccination. On 3/26/15 the patient reported to medical with complaints of a cough for 6 days and bilateral eye pain and green discharge. He was diagnosed with bacterial conjunctivitis and bronchitis. On 4/14/15, the patient complained of right sided upper and lower extremity weakness. The patient was seen in the ER where he was noted to have a cough with moderate rhonchi noted in the right posterior middle and lower lobes with scattered wheezing and a normal neuro exam. The patient was released. On 4/15/15 the patient collapsed stating that his feet gave out from beneath him. His VS were stable (156/68, 89, 16, 98.6); PE noted extremity weakness. The patient was seen in the ER where no focal neuro or sensory deficits were noted, motor strength was recorded as 3/5 in both hands/feet and arms, gait was normal and DTRs were recorded as 2+; moderate rhonchi were heard diffusely. The patient was treated with a nebulizer treatment and IV SOLU-MEDROL, ROCEPHIN and ZITHROMAX. He was then released back to work. On 4/16/15 the patient was seen in medical with complaints numbness of his feet, cramping right calf and difficulty trying to stand up from the lying position. He was transported to the ER where on PE the following was noted: 3/5 strength bilaterally upper and lower extremities, significant proximal motor weakness, waddling gait, trace patellar reflexes, absent Achilles reflexes bilaterally. A neurology consult revealed the following physical findings: normal shoulder shrug, no fasciculations, muscle strength 3/5 in the arms -slightly stronger in the triceps bilaterally, legs show 3 to 4/5 strength with the proximal legs stronger than distal and left leg slightly stronger than the right waddling gait, no ataxia. DTRs 2+ except absent bilaterally at the Achilles. The patient was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome and pneumonia; he was admitted to Hospital ICU and started on IVIG 1g/kg 3 day course. The patient's cough resolved on 4/18/15. He was transferred out of ICU on 4/19/15. It was noted that strength in UE/LE was 3/5 with improvement in proximal muscle strength. The pt. was transferred to the rehab unit on 4/20/15 where he received PT/OT until his release on 5/6/15. His discharge summary indicates that he transfers and ambulates with modified independence and that he would benefit from continued aggressive PT. On 5/11/15 the patient was evaluated by PT at clinic. Weakness of the ankles, hand grips and arms was noted (the pt. was unable to do pull-ups or pushups)-a treatment plan for 2 weeks of PT was established. The pt. continued PT and determination of level of recovery. The pt. continues to improve.
Patient reports pruritis to face, neck and torso approx 4 hours and 5 minutes after receiving MMR vaccine. Taken to Emergency room where she received Benadryl 25mg, Pepcid 40mg and Prednisone 50mg and given a prescription for same.
(2/8/15)-rectal temp-103 degrees went up to 104.5. Went to urgent care. Threw up 3xs in waiting room. Nurse checked his urine. Found no UTI. Went home. (2/9/15)-Nurse called but ended up going back b/c he was rolling around on the ground like he was in pain. (2/10/15)-Back to emergency room. (2/11/15)-Ultrasound emergency room. Found nothing. Had rash on body and 1 sore in mouth. Gave him a measles test but it came back negative, was told it was roseola.
Redness, swelling, heat to L upper arm. Erythema about 10cm. Per ER physician reaction vs. cellulitis, prescribed clindamycin for 30 days.
Contracted mild case of measles from vaccine- Dr. confirmed. High fever, loss of appetite, lethargy, loose stools, and rash; lasted 4-5 days.
AREA INJECTED BECAME PAINFUL, HARD, RED AND HOT TO THE TOUCH.
EDEMA AND REDNESS AT VACCINATION SITE (RIGHT AND LEFT ARM).
Pt developed rash approximately 2-3 hours after receiving MMR/Varivax/PCV13. A fine erythematous rash on trunk and upper extremities with some patches on face. No rash present at injection sites.
Patient was taken to hospital with a 105 degree fever and a febrile seizure.
Child became febrile up to 103 degrees F and had a seizure.
Muscle weakness, numbness, tingling in entire arm immediately after the SQ injection to the posterior upper arm.
Evening of injections pt had red, hot, swelling to (R) deltoid area. Extended from shoulder to elbow. 3 blistered areas near injection sites. Possible infection. Prescribed Cetirizine and cephalexin for allergic reaction and cellulitis.
On 5/14/15 child received MMR #1 and VARIVAX #1 and Hep #1. Child presented to the Emergency room with a fever of 104 and an apparent febrile seizure.
Erythema, swelling, warmth and mild induration at injection site began approximately 2 hours after injection placed. Parent gave MOTRIN.
Urticarial lesions face, extremities, trunk 12-24 hrs. after vaccine administration. No respiratory distress. No dysphagia. No vomiting. No fever. No angioedema. Transient and resolved totally with oral dosing diphenhydramine.
8 x 9 cm area of eryth, warm, tender with palp, firm to touch. No streaking, AUGMENTIN 600/429 mg/5mL 5 mL BID.
Seizure (tonic-clonic) 2-3 minutes within 30 seconds-1 min of vaccination witnessed in office.
Patient developed fever of 101 degrees.  We had to take her to the doctor 5 times over the course of April 2015 - June 8, 2015.  Visit 1 she developed an ear infection and fever, visit 2 was pink eye and fever, visit 3 was a virus and fever, vist 4 was a virus, rash, and fever, doctor's visit 5 was another ear infection and fever.
Received varicella in RASQ 6/4/15. Noticed swelling at 12P on 6/5. Became very tender, red and hard and swollen by 2P- showed RN at work and was marked at 35mm. to urgent care at on 6/6/15. Started on cephalexin 500mg QID until resolved-6/9 approx 3mm reddened area afebrile (T-37.4). Recovering pt. states swelling much less and tenderness much improved.
Fine, macular rash to shoulder and trunk which spread to abdomen and face along with fever, body aches and chills.
Rash to back and spreading to face.
THE INJECTION SITE WAS HARD, RED AND HOT TO THE TOUCH.
Dizziness, blurring of vision, nausea, ringing in ears.
It started with 3 small, bright red bumps on my inner right ankle which looked more like mosquito bites.  It was the tiny bright, raised bump on my left leg that appeared the next day that alarmed me.  A bright red patch then surrounded that bump the following day.  Other small bumps appeared on my legs 5/28 and then left arm 5/29.  On 5/30 I had bumps and really bad, itchy hives on both arms upon exiting the shower.  I called my job who told me to return to office to be checked out.  No bumps appeared on my trunk until 6/2 when a small, bright red bump unaccompanied by rash appeared on the right, lower, outside edge of my breast.  I have had no fever this entire time.  I have experienced fatigue.  I have had one episode of wheezing that I was unable to distinguish from the ongoing asthma attack I was already experiencing at the onset of symptoms.
Temp of 104.2 degrees F 24 hours after vaccines were given. Had cough and congestion 3 days before vaccines. Fever resolved in 24 hrs.
Rash started at neck and traveled down torso to legs and feet; fever reached 101.5; gave Tylenol and rash went away on its own.
6-9-15 Reaction brought to clinic attention area 10 x 10cm reddened-instructed to use ice-hydrocortisone cream and BENADRYL-returned to clinic 6-12-15 area increased in size remains red-SOLU-MEDROL given R.D.
Pt. has varicella.
Fever 102-104 degrees. Diagnosed bilateral otitis media-acute.
Parotitis-right parotid gland swelling and pain better on antibiotics. Started 6/14/15 MMR given 6/5/15. Had MMR #1 5/5/15.
This is a young 1-year-old female, who presented to emergency room with persistent febrile seizures. The patient received a few doses of ATIVAN. Had some respiratory distress due to the depression of the respiratory system and for that reason, she. During the process, the patient has an aspiration pneumonia and the respiratory distress increased in the emergency room. After stabilization in the emergency room, the patient was transferred to us. Basically this patient has been with intermittent fever for the last 2 days. The last fever the family says that it was 104. The patient started having some abnormal movements in the eye and the seizure lasted for at least 1 hour.
Vaccines were administered on June 2, 15. Call from parent 6/12/15 that there was a red hard lump at inj. site. Parent went to urgent care and started KEFLEX for dx cellulitis. Fever: None; Location: Left; Onset: 3-7 days; Duration: Acute; Severity: Mild; Quality: Worsening. Possible reaction to vaccines. Left leg swelling with fevers (102-103), treated as a cellulitis at office (taking KEFLEX). Was warm to touch, swollen etc with some excoriations.
Febrile seizure.
Had well teen exam on 6/1/15 & received MMR on 6/11/15 developed pneumonia (seen in clinic) w/presenting malaise, fever, vomiting. Persistent fever 6/17/15 & seen in ER w/worsening pneumonia. No rash.
Fever, swollen glands, sore throat, ear pain, itchy, trouble breathing, listless, achy body, confused & spacey, forgetful, emotional, irritable, loss of appetite, laryngitis, stomach pain, cough.
Pt woke on 6/18/15 at 11 pm screaming, not moving, then started jerking for at 5 min, no fever.
Fever 101.8 and broke out with rash that mother felt was chickenpox so took child to ER on 6-14-15-Dr felt insect bites but took child back to see NP on 6-16 et bites had white pustules et couple broke open-mother was told child does have chickenpox from Varicella vaccine told to alternate TYL et MOTRIN for fever et calamine for itching.
Fever started 2 days after vaccination.
Patient reports she received varicella vaccination in right upper arm 6-19-15 (AM). By 9:30 PM on 6-19-15, pt c/o pains on left side (legs and arms), followed by flu-like symptoms (aching over entire body). Pt was seen at urgent care facility on 6-20-15 and was given injection of PHENERGAN and blood work done. Awoke on 6-21-15 with redness at injection site approx 90 x 90 mm. Swelling and slight vesicular area approx 20-30 mm. Pt reports this is first varicella vaccination. Has appt on 6/23/15 with primary MD.
Pt. complains of nausea vomiting and a headache.
6/3/15 Reported fine rash all over body and pain in fingers and right shoulder. Fingers are also swollen. 6/9/15 Rash and pain/swelling in fingers has resolved. Pain continues in right shoulder.
Generalized papular eruption x 3 wks after MMR, became vesicular and pustular a week after; had bilateral inguinal adenopathy 10 days after vaccination.
Grand Mal Seizure lasting 3 to 4 minutes. Ambulance ride to nearest hospital, given Ativan and received CT head scan, result negative.  Instructed to follow up with neurologist.
Small red raised bumps developed on the arms. Since time of onset, red raised bumps have spread to the abdomen, face, and back. No fevers. No local injection site reaction noted.
Day 17 post vaccine. Developed classic varicella rash. No culture taken.
Pinpoint red rash back, chest, hairline, arms, legs. Afebrile. Lack of appetite. Referred to PCP.
Nurse inadvertently administered Zostavax rather than Varivax on 6/25/15. On 6/26/15 Mother noted skin lesions on torso and right leg similar to insect bites. Child has redness and swelling at injection site. Later in day complained of pruritis and would not bear weight on left leg. Redness and warmth left kinee, redness, warmth, and swelling left ankle.
Vaccines given 5/22/15. Pt developed fever/rash initially thought to be enterovirus. Rash came in crops and crusted. All sx resolved until 6/23/15. Pt brought in for lymphadenopathy. Dx with  vaccine type varicella and secondary lymphadenitis.
Several hours after the vaccines, mother had difficulty arousing her and her eyes rolled back, she felt stiff and war,. Taken to ED where she was febrile and tired. After antipyretics and ZOFRAN, she was alert with normal neuro exam. They felt she had afebrile seizure. She has had running nose and diarrhea since.
Pt. developed a fever and rash on 6-29-15. Pt. seen in E.R 6-29-15 for fever, rash and tender abdomen. Pt. discharged to home in improved condition. Told to admin frequent, small amounts of fluids. Return to ED if worsening abdom pain, persistent vomiting, inability to tolerate fluids.
My son got the MMR shot on January 26th, 2015. Six days later he started with a fever that got very high, he started with pink eye and said his ears were hurting. My son had never had an ear ache before this. I took him into the doctors and they said he had a double ear infection. They gave him his first antibiotic and eye drops for conjunctivitis. That night his fever got even higher. I called the doctors office and asked if any of this could be related to the shot he had only 6 days before this all started. They said no way. He did get better after a few horrible days of a very high fever. He started with a rash on his face. Then his entire body. I searched online and the only rash I could compare it to was measles photos. It wasn't until the rash appeared that I started doing research online and was shocked to read ear infections and inflamed eyes were symptoms of measles. The first half of Feb., 6 days after the MMR shot, I had a very sick 3 year old. The sickest I've ever seen any of my 3 children.
I discovered a rash on her abdomin which was followed by a high fever of 103.7. I am waiting for the doctors office to open so I can schedule an appt or talk to a nurse.
Increased aggression w/ sibling and peers (2 wks after and presently). Increased irritability (2 days after and presently). Obsessive, emotional, meltdowns for no reason, fatigued, disoriented, socially withdrawn, speaks less clearly and sometimes out of context, socially unaware and not receptive to cues (2-3 wks after and presently).
Patient had multiple vomiting episodes overnight following vaccination. The following day and night, the patient had fevers ranging from 99 degrees F to 104.5 degrees F with some listlessness and ragged breathing. Patient was seen in urgent care where a strep test was performed (test was negative). Patient was given alternating doses of ibuprofen and Tylenol in an attempt to control the fever. The patient was taken to the emergency room on Saturday (6/20/2015) for a fever of 104.5 and was given Tylenol with observation. The next day, on Sunday (6/62/2015) the patient's fever had broken but he began experiencing multiple diarrhea episodes which gave rise to concerns for dehydration. Patient was taken back to emergency room at around 5 or 6 pm due to no wet diapers produced during the day along with no tears when crying. Patient had fluids administered orally under the observation of the ER physician and was discharged in the same evening.
Urticarial rash on left arm, erythema, swelling, warmth, fluid filled bullae.
Fever, rash and shivering. Fussy, decreased appetite. MOTRIN suspension 10mg/kg PO once. BENADRYL 12.5 mg PO once.
Seen in office for 1 year exam. Given Hib, PREVNAR, MMR and varicella. Presented to ER in pm w/fever and seizure activity x 30 seconds. Sent home after ER exam.
Noticed bald spots on patient's scalp. I waited to see if they would go away. About two weeks after initial notice of bald spots I observed that the spots were actually growing in size. I made an appointment for patient to see her doctor. She was seen March 24 and was diagnosed with Alopecia AREATA. No tests were done. Treatment of steroid was offered but I declined. As of today (07/06/20015) patients hair appears to be growing back but still thin in the areas where the bald patches developed.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse refers to a 12 month old female patient. The patient did not have any drug reactions and allergies. On 30-JUN-2015, the patient was vaccinated with the first dose of VARIVAX (Merck) Lot# L004650, expiry date: 11-FEB-2017 (dose and route were not reported) and the first dose of M-M-R II Lot# L004658, expiry date: 05-FEB-2017 (dose and route were not reported). The patient did not take any concomitant medication. On 30-JUN-2015, less than a minute after vaccines administration, the patient experienced seizure. She was administered an oxygen and was taken by ambulance to the hospital. The patient was admitted to the hospital on 30-JUN-2015 and still remained there at the time of this report. The outcome of seizure was reported as recovering. Causality assessment was not provided. The reporting nurse considered the seizure as life threatening, disabling and medically significant as it required oxygen administration. Additional information has been requested.
Fever, lethargy, loss of appetite, rash on trunk and face.
Large area of erythema near the site of injection appeared with multiple vesicular lesions.  2 days later the lesions have crusted and scabbed over, however a more dissemineted rash began to appear covering my son's back, face, and chest.
Large erythematous, raised rash near the site of injection. 2 days later, rash appeared on her face and several lone red lesions spread on the legs.
Torso completely covered in hives.
Difficulty breathing. Went to Emergency Department.  Treated for anaphylaxis.
Pain, swelling, redness, heat over the entire left arm from the deltoid injection site down to the elbow. Treatment: Cephalexin 500mg twice daily x 10 days.
Hives, swollen throat and tongue. A lump on his neck. Treatment included 5ml of Benadryl and injection of Epi-Pen Jr. Activated EMS and was taken to the ER after 20 mins of the reaction.
Vomiting, Diarrhea, Fever, Lethargy, Pain, Redness, Swelling at injection site.
Hives. ER visit, oral steroid given.
Acute onset weakness, fussiness, inability to stand and fever. Neuro exam revealed normal DTRs with decreased tone. CSF analysis revealed 10 WBC, normal glucose and protein and no growth. Brain MRI normal times 3. Patient empirically received doxycycline for 10 days. IVIG and prednisolone given on day of illness 4. Clinical improvement noted on day of illness 12 with increasing purposeful extremity movements and interactive gaze and smile. Patient still hospitalized and waiting placement in inpatient rehabilitation facility.
Pt came to our clinic, has swelling of both eyes and mom states pt has difficulty breathing, brought to treatment room, epinephrine and Benadryl given, monitored and sent home when stable, F/U appt booked for 7/15/15.
Mild fever, diarrhea, and loss of appetite began on 07/01/15 Measles rash began on 07/08/15 and persisted for four days.  Inconsolable screaming for hours at a time and violent behaviors such as biting and hitting has persisted since the day after the vaccination.  Behaviorally he is different, more agitated, violent, and fussy throughout the entire day.
12 mo female given MMR, VZV, Hep A #1 7/2. Mom noticed rash few days later on thigh. CC rash starting on thigh and abdomen a few days after varicella and MMR vaccine. It seemed to resolve for 1 day then came back with much more diffuse distribution. Now present on face, torso, back, legs and arms. She is not itching except when she sees her belly, then she'll grab at it. Mom reports that she's felt hot, but she hasn't had a thermometer to take temp.
Redness, swelling of right upper arm.
Eyelids and facial swelling, cough, wheezing.
Lips swelling, hives, fever.
Hives on neck, chest, back and groin. Mother called nurse at state health center who directed her to go to ER (child had no swelling of the face, tongue or lips, no respiratory distress). Child treated with Benadryl and oral steroid (Prelone). Spoke with mother 9:00am 7/17/15, child slept well and much improved this morning, hives clearing up, almost gone.
105 degree fever x3 days, very weak, loss appetite, got easily irritated, her cry changed, runny nose, rash on belly or chest, ear infection.
Patient received vaccine 5/19/15 the next day fever and not feeling well. 5/28 patient started with rash on back and belly. Red raised bumps with a lighter ring around each spot. 5/30 rash spread to head and face and more severe on trunk of body. Went to a urgent care. They said it was a MMR rash from the vaccine it will go away on its own no treatment given. They instructed mom to have provider report the reaction.
Acute vomiting, disorientation.  After he had vomited a few times at around 5:30 am,  he laid back down. He began vomiting again, and I picked him up and he continued to vomit with his eyes closed limp in my arms.  I tried to talk to him but he would not answer.  He eventually answered me after a few minutes, but seemed very out of it.  I took him to the ER where he was treated with Zofran. This stopped the vomiting.  At the ER he was alert and had become more alert to not he 25 minutes drive to the ER.  His appetite was noticeably decreased for first 48 hours.  Crying more easily than normal.  Swelling and redness at injection site.  Ran low grade fever of 99.5 or so within about 6 hours of vaccines which continues to today.  On the morning of 7/15/15 he woke up and complained that his heart was beating very fast.  He told me mommy I'm not nervous or scared but my heart is beating so fast and proceeded to cry.  This was right as he woke up.  His heart rate was 150 bps.  He was trembling.  He hadn't eaten much the day before so I got him orange juice and crackers.  He had slept for approx 15 hours.  He drank the orange juice and ate the crackers.  Within 20 minutes he seemed better.  I am an emergency veterinarian so I tried to tell myself maybe he just had a low blood sugar, but these events post-vaccine are concerning, and this is from a mother and vet who believes in vaccines.  I now think 8 vaccines at once is too much.  I would advise anyone else to break them up.  I wish I would have known that the MMR and Chicken pox vaccines could have been given sooner.  I would have given them when he was 4.  However, one month before kindergarten starts there was little time to make vaccine decisions.
6/30-7/4: bad headache. 7/7: sudden onset of arthritic symptoms in fingers, knees, ankles, and toes. Tried NSAIDs for one week (ibuprofen then indomethacin), with no improvement. Now on a 6 week course of prednisone as prescribed by Drs. at Rheumatology Clinic.
Vomited soon after shot. At home-shower. Red rash neck-tummy. Child complained-tummy pain, (R) arm pain. Few bumps on chest.
C/O itching at MMR injection site; flushed; eyes became red; c/o difficulty breathing; emesis x 3; warm and clammy; hypotensive.
Torticollis, acute pharyngitis, nasal congestion, neck pain. 12 days after vaccine was given.
Imm given 6/26/15 at 9:00 AM. Mom states (L) arm had a little red dot. 6/28/15 mom states child ran into something and the area became very red and warm and had a huge knot. Took to ER was told it was allergic reaction to vaccine.
Mother report pt upper L deltoid bruising on 7/22/15, post administration of DTaP vaccine at site. Redness, swelling noted in office (7/23/15). Pt treated for dx: cellulitis. tx: Septra oral antibiotic x 7 days.
Petechial rash on cheeks and left ear.
Acute onset of right sided deafness.
Fever and myalgias; nausea and vomiting.
Fever, chills, weakness, severe pain with swelling at location of injection and physically unable to lift arms or body, unable to walk without assistance, perform usual activities, personal hygiene, dressing or drive vehicle. Severe pain of joints, jaw, neck, spine. Headache, heart racing, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, blurry eyes, dizzy, unable to sleep or be comfortable, unusual behavior and moodiness.
Woke up that morning to hot and cold flashes, extreme nausea and vaginal discharge.  Started having joint seizures to the point she couldn't move her hands.  Lost full function of the hands, but was systemic to all joints in body.  Lasted 2 hours.  Went to the ER.  They were vague, stated they couldn't link symptoms directly to vaccination.  Went to her PCP.  Patient didn't realize she was pregnant, but miscarried on 7/12/15.  Her PCP felt her symptoms and miscarriage were related to MMR vaccination.  PCP drew MMR titer, and patient claims her Rubella titer returned with extremely high numbers.  The other components of the titer were in normal ranges.  My PCP feels I'm extremely susceptible to Rubella vaccination and should claim medical exemption.  Episode lasted 4 days total.
Patient developed fever and began seizing. Diagnosed with otitis media at this time. Has continued to have febrile seizures and had none before given these immunizations.
Pt had a fever of 103.8 on 7-17-15 and a seizure in the early morning on 7-18-15. Full body rash.
7/22/15 suspect chicken pox after varicella vaccine administered 7/15/15. Patient looks well-ok to return to day care. 24 hours after rash has scabbed over or to get 2nd vaccine in future as per CDC.
Vomiting- since 12 July; fever- 12 July to 1 Aug; burning in feet- 15 July to present; teeth hurting-15 July to present, headache- on and off since 12 July, nose bleeds- on and off since July 12; diarrhea -since July 12.
Fever to 103.5.
Stiff neck & L arms with 1st vaccine, and stiff neck, swelling of R index finger, L wrist, & R knee with 2nd injection given 1 month later.
Measle like rash on patient's body.
Hands quivering, quiet affect, fever, decreased appetite.
7/29 2 days after immunizations 10x10 cm erythema (R) thigh at site of KINRIX immunization. Hot and locally tender. No fever, no joint pain. Cool compresses and TYLENOL recommended. Called pt 7/30 AM and resolving/much better. Small 2.5 x 2.5 cm erythema (L) arm at site of Varicella. Hot/tender locally.
Sudden onset stuttering. Has never stuttered before, it progressively got worse over the next few days. On Friday am, I consulted his pedi and she said take him to the emergency room. They did no diagnostics and sent us home. It got very bad over the next week and then all of the sudden got a lot better. He is still having stuttering difficulties to this day but has gotten better since the first week.
44 year old female, who is otherwise healthy, required emergency medical care within 15-30 minutes after the administration of the MMR Vaccine. The patient noticed a lump/swollen feeling in her throat that progressively got worse. She developed swelling and numbness of her tongue and throat, along with chest tightness. The patient required 2 epinephrine doses initially as well as a third dose of epinephrine when symptoms relapsed. Then she received 125mg of Solu-Medrol, 20mg of famotidine, and 50mg of Benadryl intravenously. She was admitted to the hospital for observation overnight.
Rec'd MMR and Hep B. 2 hours later developed localized itching at injection site along with SOB and throat tightness. Sent to ER. Given muscle relaxer and advised to seek eval with allergist.
Grandmother called clinic on 7-23-15 at 3 pm to report swelling in right arm and fever in child. Family decided to take child to MD today and was calling to ask what vaccines child received in right arm to inform MD.
Lower extremity pain, limping, then moderate to severe R thigh and knee swelling and warmth, unable to walk/bear weight due to pain.
Father called on 7/30/15 and reported that on 7/21/15, patient developed bruise with blister in the middle of bruise at injection site on left leg.  Said took to MD who gave them Benadryl and told to give Aveno baths.  Also using Aveno lotion.  Father said patient now has additional bumps that started as a bruise and with a blister developing two days later.  Father said there are 2 on right leg, 1 on back of left leg, and one on right arm between elbow and wrist.  Father states patient has not had fever and does not appear to have itching. Spoke with father again 7/31/15 who called pediatrician to report changes since patient evaluation with onset of symptoms and said was told to continue with Benadryl.
This spontaneous report as received from a Registered Nurse refers to a 26 year old female patient. She had no pertinent medical history, no drug reactions or allergies and she was not taking concomitant medications. On 01-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (0.5 ml, subcutaneous, lot number reported as: K008815 and expiry: 19-JUN-2016) and with a dose of ENGERIX-B (dose, route, lot # not provided). Approximately on 15-JUL-2015 (reported as 2 weeks later), the patient experienced rash all over her body. Due to this event, she visited the Emergency Room on 17-JUL-2015. However, she was not admitted and was discharged on the same day. The patient recovered from rash all over her body on an unspecified date in 2015. Relatedness between the event and suspect vaccines was not specified. Additional information has been requested.
Developmental delays. Being observed for autism. Signs of autism. 01-24-15 until present.
Pt developed rash on face that traveled down to abdomen and lower extremities over the next few days.
Vomitting, loss of appetite, high fever, paralysis.
Course confirmed with MOC. Pt was not pre-medicated before injections on 8/10/15. Pt reported tenderness and soreness in the Left deltoid muscle with limited ROM first day 8/10/15. Pt was groggy next day but reported decreasing pain through the afternoon.  At bedtime, pt reported increased pain and awoke several times in the night crying 8/11/15.  MOC took oral temperature and reported that he was not febrile.  Pain was severe so MOC gave 7.5 mL of children's Motrin which helped.  MOC did not notice any redness until the next morning (8/12/15).  Pt complaining of increasing pain and redness.  Reported to urgent care for follow-up.  Pt presented with a large erythematous rash on the left lateral upper arm.  Irregular margins starting at the deltoid and spanning inferiorly to the middle of his upper arm and horizontally from the anterior margin of his deltoid to the posterior margin of his deltoid.  Pt was seen by a physician and diagnosed with cellulitis.  Margins were drawn with a sharpie and pt instructed to return for increasing margins, streaking or any changes and to follow-up in 24 hours.  Pt received Keflex 550 mg (11 mL) by mouth three times a day for 7 days and Tylenol or Motrin for pain or fever as needed.
Very high fever with multiple generalized tonic clonic seizures.  Some seizures assoc. with high fever and some not.  Also dx with otitis media.
She has been breaking out in hives since the time listed. I woke up this morning (8/12) and the hives had minimized for most of the day but now they are back and as prominent as the first outbreak.
T 99.1, no other constitutional symptoms 8cm x 8 1/2cm localized reaction centered on VARIVAX injection with minimal bruising at KINRIX site. Evaluated 17:25 8/5; 52 hours after. Patient received vaccinations on Monday. The shot injection site has a large red area around it. Patient complains of itching in area. Patient's mother states that the area is getting better. Patient's mother has not given any medications. Patient received KINRIX and Varicella in the affected leg.
Half an hour after receiving vaccines pt started sneezing, developed nasal congestion and hives. Mother returned to office. Child examined by MD-epinephrine 1:1000 0.15 given. Albuterol tx given. Symptoms resolved after 5 min.
Fever 103, chills, fever continued to the next day. On 07/10/2015 started feeling pain in joint all over whole body, especially legs and hands, lower back pain. On 07/13/2015 went to emergency room, blood count for white blood cells --370. Pain in joints and muscles, swollen lymph nodes. Pain in joints and muscles continued during next weeks. Blood test from 07/22/2015 SED rate 80.  Inflammation due to a infection.  Referal to X ray. Pain in joints. Blood test shows rheumatoid  factor.
Multiple red vesicular lesions on arms, back, legs and chin. Very itchy, beginning 2 days after IMZ administration. Returned to clinic on 8/12/15 for treatment, given instructions for Calamine/Caladryl OTC lotions.
Rash started on 7/17/15, 10 days after vaccine given-rash got worse, spread from trunk to face and took to ER on 7/18/15 when welts appeared-T 98.9-gave Ibuprofen Q 6 h prn.
Right thigh area red, warm to touch, area measures 10 cm by 12 cm.
Pt Father noticied rash around injection site on left leg / father stated  rash was raised with a few hives one day after injection. 4-7 days after injection father stated rash was all over body, trunk, arms, legs. The same rash was concentrated around the injection site. pt was brought to Urgent Care on 14 Aug 2015 by parents.  Pt was given hydroxyzine and rash cleared up, no other symptoms reported.
Pt. developed a 4 x 4 1/2 annular raised, hot, hard rash around immunization site (left thigh). Also fever 99 degrees F.
15 hours after vaccination, patient awoke unable to walk due to pain in left knee. X ray demonstrates small effusion in left hip. to see orthopedics.
Increased temp 102, irritable, rash, diarrhea. Onset at 1:30 pm. Child was seen in ER in the evening of 8/13/15 and was sent home.
Fever, no appetite, and diarrhea that started on Saturday August 15 and Monday, August 17 she has rashes all over her body.
8/7/15 at well child visit received MMR, VARIVAX and Hep A, after shots small amount of redness and swelling at (R) thigh injection site. 2 days ago (8/15/15) developed new redness (R) thigh, pink dots, papules. 8/16/15 hives off and on arms and legs. Went to ER for eval, fever to 102. Hives resolved. Question virus vs. vaccine reaction.
MMR, VARIVAX and PREVNAR given Thursday. Monday night without other signs of illness developed a rash. Tuesday morning I saw him an it covered his entire body and was clearly erythema multiforme.
Cellulitis developed > 1 week from injection. Patient given course of BACTRIM DS x 7 days.
Diffuse papulovesicular lesions in varying stages on visit 8/18/15. Patient had fever around 101 on 8/16/15 then rash started. Had 2nd Varicella on 8/6/15.
Agitation, ataxia, dizziness, sneezing, flatulence, abdominal pain, weakness.
This spontaneous report as received from a consumer refers to her daughter, a 34 year old female patient. The patient's pertinent medical history and drug reactions allergies were not specified by the reporter. On 23-JUL-2015 the patient was vaccinated with MMR II (Lot # K026366, exp. date was not reported) (dose, frequency and route were not provided), VAQTA (Lot # and exp. date were not reported) (dose, frequency and route were not provided), DTaP (unspecified) (dose, frequency and route were not provided), tetanus toxoid and typhoid vaccine (unspecified) (dose, frequency and route were not provided). Concomitant therapies were not reported. The patient's mother stated on 24-JUL-2015 her daughter developed a red patch on her arm which was warm to touch. Her arm felt like dead weight (limb discomfort), she had diarrhea, pain and stomach cramps (abdominal pain upper). The patient went back to the doctor who prescribed her an unspecified antibiotic. Because she did not improve, she sought medical attention and went to an emergency room. Lab diagnostics studies performed were not specified by the reporter. Later, she was diagnosed with cellulitis and was informed that she would need another unspecified medication, but she was not admitted to the hospital. She was recovering but was still not well. No product quality complaint was involved. The outcome of limb discomfort, diarrhoea, abdominal pain upper, pain, cellulitis and skin warm was reported as recovering. The patient's mother did not assess the causal relationship between MMR II, DTaP (unspecified), tetanus toxoid and typhoid vaccine (unspecified) and the events. This is one of two reports received from the same reporter. Additional information has been requested.
Fever to 104.5 and diarrhea.
Patient was feeling okay in early morning.  Mid-morning pt developed a rash and a fever and presented at the local emergency room.  ER physician suspects it is a result of the MMR vaccine.
Patient called clinic on morning of 8/25/15 and stated she developed hives on left arm and left hand approximately 3 hours after MMR vaccine administration (3:30 pm on 8/24/15). Patient came to clinic to be evaluated by the physician on duty. She was then referred to Infectious Disease for further evaluation, who cleared her to return to work and stated reaction was of unknown etiology.
Thirteen days after receiving the MMR booster she developed a bad headache and 102 fever.  Twelve hours later she began vomiting.  Each time she vomited she would say her head felt better and then the headache would build again until she vomited.  She was very weak, and listless and complained of leg discomfort as well.  This lasted 24 hours and the vomiting ceased but the fever and milder headaches continued for another 24 hours.
Patient and her sister both got Varicella vaccine on the same day.  About 3 weeks later their 10 month old brother with a history of severe eczema presented to the clinic with a possible case of varicella. A specimen was collected from one of the lesions which was sent to the lab for identification/verification.
High rectal temperature of 104.3, rash all over face, stomach and back. Lethargic, lack of appetite, cranky, fever.
Fever off and on for several weeks following vaccination. fever 6/6/15 103.7. Excessive crying for several days following with lethargy and decreased LOC. Vomiting 6/8/15. 6/9/15 crying for 6 hours straight, back arching, no eye contact. Saw pediatrician and was sent to hospital. 6/10/15- unable to hold head up, walk, or stand. Continued abnormal posturing, back arching, scissoring of legs, excessive screaming/crying, lethargy, no eye contact. 6/12/15- symptoms began improving. 6/15/15- back to baseline.
Legs, arms and neck hurting really bad - put ice packs on them. T 100.8 initially - alternated TYLENOL and MOTRIN. Rash knees to hips - razor burn looking x2 days, itchy, increased sleeping and fatigue, wouldn't even talk. Stomach illness x2 wks.
Mild maculopapular rash on trunk, limbs, and face.
Slight temperature up to 100.4 began within a couple hours of shots and lasted until approx. a week and a half later; chills began a week later and lasted about a day; severe muscle/joint pains, particularly in the hips, began a week later and lasted a few days, chickenpox rash began a week later and lasted approx. 5 days.
This spontaneous report was received from a Healthcare worker regarding a fellow employee who is a female patient of unknown age. Medical history of the patient was not reported. On an unspecified date of August 2015, about a week ago, the patient was vaccinated with one dose of MMR II, subcutaneous. It was reported that on an unspecified date of August 2015, the patient developed measles after receiving the vaccine. The patient sought medical attention and was seen by unspecified physician on unspecified date. The treatment details were unspecified. The outcome of the event was unknown. Causality assessment was not provided by the reporter. No further information was reported. Additional information has been requested.
My daughter began complaining of left leg pain while playing outside on the swing set. We thought she hurt it possible from a fall, but as she was complaining and we began to look, her left thigh was extremely swollen compared to the right and the mid thigh (site of vaccination) was very red, raised, and warm to the touch.  We tried icing the area, but as time passed she complained of more pain and starting limping and wanting my husband and I to carry her so she did not have to bear weight on the left leg.  The next morning, 08/30/2015 she immediatley began complaining of pain and I noticed the redness had spread and the entire thigh and knee were swollen by at least 150%.  She continued to limp and I took her an after hours doctor at 8:00 PM to have it evaluated. We drew markings around the reddened area and I was advised to use warm compresses instead of ice. As of 9/01/2015, she began walking normally again and the redness and swelling had decreased some, but the site of injection was still red, feels hard, and warm to the touch.  As of today, 09/02/2015, the redness and swelling has decreased a little more, but the injection site is still hard, red and slightly warm to the touch. She is only complaining of pain directly at the injection site now instead of complaining of the whole leg. We are continuing to use a warm compress which does make the site feel softer temporarily.
Pain, numbness, swelling, redness.
Too many to count eryth lesions with central small fluid filled vesicles, mostly pencil eraser size some with eryth up to 1 cm, non tender, none crusted.
Rashes on the face, back, body and extremities started 24 hrs from vaccination relieve Kw/ BENADRYL slowly. Still have rashes on the palms as of today.
Left upper arm erythema, swelling with mild induration and warmth. Initially had pain x1 day, pain now resolved. Full ROM arm continue ice, ibuprofen and try antihistamine.
Leg pain, red and warm. Itching. Flushed cheeks. Area to left thigh raised.
Left thigh swelling, rash and pain. Parent gave Ibuprofen and put warm cloth on the thigh. Pt. was seen and sent to ER.
Fever started out at 102. One month later 105 fever that would not go down. Continued with daily fevers of 100-102 for the next 7 months. Fevers a currently gone. RA type symptoms the entire time.
Fever, vomiting, rash.
Bilateral numbness in arms night 1, more numbness in face and down right side of body next day. Described as a pulsing numb feeling, sometimes burning, ebbing and flowing, and gradually seeming to improve after 4 days. Drinking alcohol worsens symptoms, movement seems to improve symptoms.
Patient here for Kindergarten injections. Pt here 20-30 min after injections. Went home with father. Stopped for ice cream on way. Pt was complaining of SOB. Father brought pt back to clinic. Pt seen by Dr. He prescribed PEDIPRED .5 mg that evening et again next AM et BENADRYL OTC per age.
Fever day of and day after vaccines, rash -> E. multiforme developed 3 days after vaccines.
About 25-30 minutes after vaccine administration, pt. started coughing, crying, and drooling at the mouth, taken back to exam room. T: 98.2 O2 sats 90%. Received ATROVENT/Albuterol and BENADRYL. O2 sats 94%. Stopped coughing, was talking and walking ok. Monitored for 30 minutes. When in parking lot started coughing/wheezing taken to ED. Received O2 sats 100% dexamethasone.
On 4/21/15 he started having a loss of appetite. Within 48 hours he vomited. We assumed it was a virus. The vomiting 2-3 times per day continued for days. NO one else in the home became ill, so we suspected another cause. No fever. Each day he was getting worse and complaining of severe stomach pain. We took him to the Doc on 4/28 and they guessed a virus. On 4/29 his urine was brown and he was dehydrated. Returned to the doctor. Blood work and ultrasound were ordered. Ultrasound showed thickening of the pyloric sphincter and gastroparesis. Blood work and urine showed high levels of ketones and bilirubin and various abnormal blood results. He was found as having hypoglycemia ketosis.
Large swollen site.
Large amount of bruising, swelling, pain distal to injection site accompanied by numbness and tingling to left ring and small finger. Diagnosed as Hematoma secondary to MMR injection. Experiencing ulnar nerve irritation d/t swelling. Negative for compartment syndrome, abscess or cellulitis.
Was taking a bottle, starting choking and started with seizure activity, parents called EMS. In ER Fever and seizure activity. CBC with diff, chem 14, UA with culture, head CT w/o contrast, chest x-ray done in ER. Seen Dr on 09/10/15 at 14:33 pm, for mild ataxia, rechecked PLT count.
Red bump at injection 2 weeks after injection, then 3 other red bumps that itch.  Referred patient to Doctor.
Patient seen for well care 8/28/2015. Given MMR/Varicella/PREVNAR, presented to the office on 9/8/2015 with abdominal pain and dx and treated for intussusception.
MMR vaccination 6/5/15 - Develop rash on feet and hands on 6/6. Seen in urgent care 6/8 - sent to Emergency dept - Admitted 3 days. IV fluids, BENADRYL.
Hives noted starting at site of MMR injection and spreading over body over next 24 hours. Patient happy and playful, no anaphylaxis.
Diarrhea with blood in stool. Repeated pattern after eating Lacoste within 5 minutes.
Morbiliform rash and fever and febrile seizure on 8/29/15 seen at ER.
Spotty rash. Somnolence. 10 days after vaccine. No treatment.
Had 12 mo vaccines on 9-3-15. Tongue swelling (mild per mom) and hives following morning.
12 mo M received routine Hep A and MMR vaccines 8/28/15. On 9/1/15 parents noted drooping/weakness of right side of mouth. No other symptoms. Eye not involved. Confirmed weakness/lower segment (R) 7th nerve in office 9/8/15.
Hives, global pruritis, burning mouth, diarrhea abdominal pain all of acute onset. Pt given PO BENADRYL and IM epinephrine in office. Medic transport to ER where given albuterol, famotidine, prednisone, IV fluids.
Pruritic rash and fever T max 103 for 1 day, started 9/3/15. Received Varicella vaccination 9 days ago.
MMR 8/27/15. 9-1-15 phone call - fever - T=107 - to ER. 9-2-15 office visit - f/u ER - fever poss roseola. 9-3-15 phone call - fever and N/V (T=105). 9-4-15 OV - fever - labs CBC/CRP. 9-4-15 phone calls - CBC -> viral.
Pt started developing multiple red bumps mild lethargy.
Mother could not remember start of symptoms, pruritic rash. Client and mother came to clinic 9/15/15, was referred to urgent care. Went to urgent care 9/15/15 and started on prednisone 20mg pack x 7 days and hydroxyzine 25mg 1 tab daily. On 9/17/15, mother reported improvement from rash.
This spontaneous report as received from a nurse practitioner refers to a 31 year old female patient. No information regarding the patient's medical history or concurrent conditions was provided. On 01-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of MMR II injection (dose, route of administration, lot# and expiry date were not reported). There were no concomitant therapies reported. On an unknown date, approximately in September 2015, the patient experienced papules on her lateral thighs, butt, arms and groin. It was reported that the patient had been using a depilatory cream on these same areas prior to receiving the vaccine. The patient sought medical attention by showing up in the reporter's office on 08-SEP-2015. There was no product quality complaint (PQC) involved. The outcome of the event was not reported. The relatedness between MMR II and the event was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
Patient broke out in a severe case of hives. We called the pediatrician who thought it was a food allergy. When steroids and antihistamines didn't cure the hives, the pediatrician sent me to an allergist. The allergist believes its a delayed immune response to the MMR, an allergic reaction to the vaccination.
Developed severe arthralgias of both knees, fever.
Erythema and edema of (L) upper arm where 2 vaccines were administered. Also has itching.
1:00 am, patient woke us up screaming, she had a fever of 104.5. She screamed and cried with her eyes halfway open until 6am. She was unable to speak during that time. Since then her stools have been very loose, light colored and malodorous.
Received VARIVAX on 9/4/15. Seen in our office 9/14/15 with 3 day hx low grade fever and 2 day hx of multiple vesicles on body. Dx with varicella.
Patient seen by a M.D. was told symptoms such as swelling of her gland, pain, dizziness, h/a, n/v where associated with receiving MMR vaccine.
This spontaneous report was received from a nurse and refers to a 2 year old patient of unknown gender. The patient's medical history included mosquito bites and exaggerated swelling response to them. The patient did not have any other known allergies. On 08-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, lot # K021952, expiration date 10-NOV-2015 (dose and route of administration were not provided). The patient took no concomitant medications. On 10-SEP-2015, the patient developed eye swelling. On an unknown date in September 2015, the patient was examined by the physician who documented that the patient had no discharge and no fever. The physician believed that the patient might had been bitten by mosquito as the patient had a history of an exaggerated swelling response to mosquito bites in the past. The physician diagnosed the patient's eye swelling as cellulitis of the face. The physician prescribed BACTRIM, solution, 6 ml, orally, every 12 hours for 7 days and amoxicillin, 250 mg/5ml orally, every 12 hours for 7 days to the patient as the treatment of the event. No lab diagnostics were performed. At the time of reporting (reported as currently), the patient was recovering from the event. The relatedness between the event and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Nasal congestion, sore throat, cough, fever, headache, body aches. Temp 98/3 (tympanic) Prescription for Z-pak given.
Sore throat, nasal congestion, cough, nausea, vomited x3. Temp 98.9 (tympanic).
Information has been received from a nurse practitioner referring to a 12 month old male patient with mild anaemia and no drug allergies. The patient's medical history included failure to thrive. On 04-SEP-2015 the patient was vaccinated with 0.5 ml single dose of MMR II (therapy type: rHA) (lot # K016154, expiration date 24-SEP-2016) subcutaneously for routine vaccination. Concomitant therapy included POLY-VI-SOL WITH IRON DROPS (reported as POLY-VI-SOL WITH IRON). On 04-SEP-2015, the patient was diagnosed with an ear infection during the examination at the same office visit. On 05-SEP-2015 the patient experienced a rash and was seen by the physician who described the rash as a blanching, pink, macular rash, generalized on the body. No treatment was given for the rash. The nurse practitioner was informed by the patient's mother that since 05-SEP-2015, the patient also experienced fevers on an off, up to 101F. The patient did not receive AUGMENTIN which was prescribed on 04-SEP-2015 for the ear infection, until 08-SEP-2015. When the patient was seen on 17-SEP-2015, the rash that began on 05-SEP-2015 had resolved and the patient had no fever. However the patient was experiencing a villiform rash on trunk, which had spread over the body including the face, palms of hands and soles of feet. No treatment was provided for the rash on 17-SEP-2015. No lab diagnostics studies were performed. Outcome of the event ear infection and rash generalised was unknown. The nurse practitioner described the patient as happy, irritable and stable. Causality assessment was not provided. Additional information has been requested.
Received 2 injections MMR and varicella. 1 injected in each arm. I questioned why in arm as patient's extremities were very thin. Nurse said it was ok due to little needle and given SQ. 2 days later patient started with lowgrade fever and upper respiratory symptoms. Coughing. She missed school Mon & Tuesday. On Wed she went to her reg GI Dr. She had 103 fever and still coughing. Recommended back to ped. Returned to ped on Fri. Her reg Dr wasn't in. They did a CBC which was ok but low Hgb which is her norm. O2 sat was ranging from 80 - 92. They were unsure if it worked. Dr recommended going to ER. Took her to ER. She had only 1 other complaint of rt arm hurt. They did chest xray and diagnosed bronchitis. Sent home on Zithromax, prednisone & breathing treatment. Sunday morning she woke up with left cheek swollen like mumps and a red ecchymotic area under her arm by chest. While getting her ready to go to hospital she took last breath. CPR started immediately and 911 called. Breaths did not seem to be going in. EMT took over CPR. Taken to hospital where they did get a heartbeat for less than a minute.
Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, rash under arms.
High fever on Sat. Hive for now two days. Treatment Benadryl.
None stated.
On 9/22/2015, a red bump rash appeared on patient's sides of his torso, with several bumps on his legs, and face. This rash continued for 5 days. On 9/24/2015, patient had an event where his eyes were focused completely to the left and was completely unresponsive for 7 seconds. He was seen that afternoon by Dr. and it was determined that patient suffered an Absence Seizure. Beginning on 9/27/2015 and lasting until 9/30/2015, patient has been suffering from high fevers fluctuating from 102.5 and is continuing to have fever.
Numbness in the lateral right leg.
High fever for three days up to 102F controlled with OTC medication. On the fourth day a rash appeared and lasted a day. On the fifth day the child's gums looked red and irritated and the child refused solid food. This lasted several days. The doctor diagnosed herpangina.
1 day after giving vaccine, right thigh had swelling, redness. No fever.
Rash surrounding vaccine sites. No swelling.
Redness size of baseball on evening of shot following day now is approx. 8inches by 6inches, hot to touch and swelling.
Erythema Multiforme. Recommended symptomatic treatment with Acetaminophen or Diphenhydramine as needed.
Developed Type 1 diabetes mellitus-diagnosis 6/8/15 3 wks after vaccination.
His eyes were swollen shut and watery, especially his left eye. He acted like he was in a lot of pain because he screamed all day if he wasn't napping. He was very lethargic. He wouldn't hold his head up for about 3-4 hours after the shot. He acted dizzy. He would not sit up. His whole left side was swollen.
Shots given 9-4-15 mom states child started running high fever 103, with rash to trunk of body, arms, and legs, itching, and red throat on 9-21-15. Inst. to go to doctor. Child had red swollen tonsils with pus on visual exam. Mom brought child to doctor. Doctor said Fifth disease and started on antibiotics.
Localized reaction in the right upper extremity from immunization. KINRIX (Dtap and IPV), moderate erythema; induration, blisters.
Fever of 103F, mild rash on legs, back and little in front and neck. Give Tylenol and motrin for fever.
Pt. came in to the office with a firm mass in the left thigh after immunizations.
Rash on trunk and face started days after vaccines. No fever.
Vesicular lesions forehead, chest, arms <20.
Noticed a lump on her leg when changing her diaper that morning. Was thinking it was an insect bite (possibly a tick), it was hot and red so I took her to the doctor. It was 10 days after her vaccine and I wasn't even thinking it could be that until the doctor that read her records noted that she was just seen for her check up. It was then that I realized it was at the injection site because it was in a slightly different spot than usual. Dr. treated her for cellulitis and recommended we follow up with her doctor on Monday and see which vaccine it was. Her leg didn't seem to be getting any better so they switched her antibiotic. She did respond to this one. In the meantime she was at the urgent care on Saturday and on Sunday her twin brother had a lump on his other leg. When I took them both on Monday I found out that it was the Varicella injection site where they were infected. Something is not right!!
Patient's twin sister had a lump start on her leg the day before. I had taken her to urgent care thinking it was a tick bite but found out it was where her injection was and it was cellulitis. I made an appointment to get them both into their pediatrician on Monday to find out more. It was the injection site of the Varicella vaccine for both of them. Something is wrong with this batch. They were both badly infected!! His sister didn't respond to the first antibiotic so they switched her and started him on the stronger one they put her on. They responded to the antibiotic but it took a few days. It was a nasty infection at the injection site. Please note that they had the MMR shot in the opposite leg with no reaction.
10 minutes after vaccine administration- patient started getting pruritic hives, diffuse redness, angioedema and respiratory distress.
Cellulitis.
This spontaneous report was received from the patient's mother, referring to her son, a 5 year old male patient with asthma but no drug reactions or allergies. On 30-JUL-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (lot number and expiration date unspecified, dose and route of administration were not reported, in the leg), a dose of M-M-R II (lot number and expiration date unspecified, dose and route of administration were not reported, in the leg), a dose of DTaP, a dose of IPV (unspecified) and a dose of OPV-MERIEUX. Concomitant therapies included SYMBICORT, NASACORT and SINGULAIR. On 30-JUL-2015, after the vaccines were received (reported as immediately), the patient developed unspecified red, local rashes at the injection sites and red rings that surrounded each injection site. Also, growing pain like pains limited to only the injection sites on each leg were the vaccines were given, that accompanied an unspecified low grade fever. Whenever the patient did experience the growing pain like pains, the red ring that surrounded the injection sites developed again. The patient visited his primary care physician, but she was unable to make a diagnosis. On an unknown date, the patient was admitted to hospital A (unspecified admission and discharge date) and, therefore on 25-SEP-2015, transferred to hospital B and admitted on the same date. Multiple unspecified blood tests were completed during the hospitalization time, showing inconclusive result, with only a few, unspecified inflammation markers were elevated. The patient was treated with unspecified antibiotics, possibly including ZITHROMAX, since the unspecified physicians at the hospital thought the patient had cellulitis. On 26-SEP-2015, the patient was discharged from hospital B. The outcome and causality cellulitis was unknown. Additional information has been requested.
Very large localized erythema on right thigh causing pain.
Lethargy and emesis upon arrival at home.  Parent notified the office and returned arriving at 11:51 AM.
None stated.
ITP.
PC 10/7/15 -> pinpoint red rash all over, yellow eye discharge - appt for next morning, give TYLENOL/MOTRIN for fever, discomfort, BENADRYL for hs. OV 10/8/15 -> dx with viral exanthem vs MMR reaction - supportive care. PC 10/9/15 -> still crying, fussy, rash but no fever - to give pain reliever - rash will fade and to call if present after 3-4 days - poss. Fifth's disease. 10/10 OV - rash fading - viral exanthem dx. PC 10/12 - hives developed, eyes swollen with discharge. Sent for stat BW.
Violent vomiting every 20 minutes for approximately 8 hours.
PT has tonic clonic seizure within 5 min of immunization lasting for 1 min. Pt was evaluated with CT head to r/o any intracranial mass; which was WNL.
Within minutes of receiving his MMR and Chicken Pox Vaccines, patient turned red, itchy, and started sneezing.  He then started to swell in his face and went into anaphylactic shock. His oxygen level started to drop and his blood pressue was off as well.  He was given 2 doses Benadryl and finally given the EPI PEN.  He was then given an oxygen mask with a breathing treatment. (This is the SECOND time patient received these vaccines but had no reaction the first time).  He was monitored at the pediatricians office for a couple of hours then we were instructed to take him to the hospital for overnight observation.
Received call from PMC office that pt had gone there 2 days after vaccine administration with induration (R) arm 16 cm x 11 cm and temp increased 101. Treated with KEFLEX x 10 days.
Stiffening, followed by Shaking - at home ('several minutes') - no treatment; Followed by second event at 4am 10/21/2015.  Taken to ED noted by febrile 38.6.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician via a company representative refers to an approximately 2.5 year old male patient. The patient's medical history included hyperplastic left heart and multiple unspecified heart surgeries. There was no information about the patient's concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies provided. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:30, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II, subcutaneously (lot # and expiration date were not reported), a dose of VARIVAX (Merck) (route of administration, lot # and expiration date were not reported) and a dose of an unspecified flu vaccine. On 19-OCT-2015, at 12:50, the patient was brought back to the provider's office, apparently in cardiac arrest. The reporter stated they began performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on the patient and called for an ambulance. The ambulance took the patient to an emergency room. The reporter stated they received a call from the coroner's office at 15:00, and was informed that the child died (on 19-OCT-2015). The event of cardiac arrest was reported as life threatening. The outcome of cardiac arrest was reported as fatal, however the cause of death was not provided. The relatedness between the adverse event and suspect therapies was not reported. Upon internal review, the event of cardiac arrest was considered to be medically significant. Additional information has been requested.
Developed varicella rash about 10 days after receiving his first dose of varicella vaccine. Generalized rash, 102.2 F temperature, and cough. Evaluated at ED on 2/5/2015. Rash onset 2/5/2015.
This spontaneous report was received from a physician (who was also the patient's mother) and refers to a 12 month old male patient. No medical history, concurrent conditions or concomitant therapies were reported. On 28-SEP-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (lot #, dose and route of administration were not provided). On 02-OCT-2015, the patient had a fever of 106 F and was lethargic. He was not moving around and only lying in one place. His face was red and he had some red bumpy spots on his feet. The patient was given TYLENOL, ADVIL, dextrose, Pedialyte and probiotics as a treatment for the events. The fever did not go below 102 F even with the TYLENOL, ADVIL and sponging him down in bath. On 03-OCT-2015, the patient was taken to his physician's office, where he was diagnosed with mild middle ear infection but the patient's physician did not feel the ear infection could had made the fevers go that high. The outcome of fever was recovered on 08-OCT-2015, the patient was afebrile, while the outcome of other events was unknown. The reporter did not specify whether any of the other symptoms had resolved. The relatedness between the events and M-M-R II was not reported. Additional information is not expected, as the reporter denied any further contact.
Pt. came in this morning to get Kindergarten immunizations and a flu shot.  He rec'd DTaP, IPV, MMR, Varivax and a flu shot.  Approx 5 minutes after getting immunizations, he began to c/o to parents of difficulty breathing.  When staff returned to the room, he was upright and presented with increased resp rate & effort and wheezing.  Decreased aeration throughout all lung fields.  Dr. arrived in room and ordered Epi 0.3 mg sub Q (given in R anterior thigh) and Albuterol nebulizer 2.5 mg/3 ml NaCl.  Pulse ox at that time was 85-88% on RA.  Started O2 at 1/2 L/NP.  Pulse ox improved to 90%.  Improved aeration throughout but still wheezing.  Increased O2 to 1 L/NP.  EMS notified and arrived at approx. 0940.  Resp effort improved and was able to talk briefly.  Still wheezing.  Pulse ox steady at 93-94% on 1 L O2/NP.  BP 116/58 with HR of 123 after Albuterol Neb.  Assisted onto stretcher and transported to ER for further stabilization and treatment.
A rash that occurred on his left leg starting at his knee, cold sweats, low grade fever, and small pimple like pockets on his leg. He was around someone with the shingles and when he was admitted to Hospital the Dermatology Doctor informed me that certain companies who make the Varicella vaccine have reported cases in small children around 17 months old who have contracted the shingles virus. Doctor reported that the child may have come in contact with someone who has shingles, thus reactivating the vaccine. Symptoms progressed to go up his left leg to his lower back. They treated him with acyclovir intravenously. His symptoms decreased and he responded to the medication.
High fever for 2 days with rashes, treated with moldrin and Tylenol. 2nd reaction 6 days after the vaccines with no fever, but severe rashes lasting 5/6 days, treated with Benadryl for 2 days prescribed by doctor, but no changes.
8/13/15 ER developed maculopapular rash on trunk, arms and legs. ER stated chicken pox. 8/16/15 ER again now with rash on face, under nose and upper mouth. ER states impetigo. Mom unable to reach by phone or certified letter. Lost to follow up.
Mom noticed a rash starting on 10/26/15 about 6:30 PM on his trunk.  No fever or any other symptoms.  Does not appear itchy.  Seen at the health department on 10/27/15 0900.  Maculopapular red rash to trunk, head, and spreading down arms and legs.  No additional symptoms.  Was seen at Medical Clinic by P.A. impression that it was a measles/rubella rash due to recent vaccination.
Pt is 12 month old female seen 10/12/15 - d/+ worsening blister that scabbed 11 days s/p varicella immun (L) thigh- pt. had systemic reaction : V x 8 12 days after immunizatoin. Irritability and clumziness. Pt temp to 97.5. (L) thigh Redness, torso papules
On the 6th day post vaccination, my daughter had some hives on her body, later in the day they spread from head to toe as an itchy rash.  Hives were multiple sizes and shapes.  Skin was red surrounding the hives.  For this I gave her Benadryl and hives subsided.  Soon after, I noticed a raised dark red dots on her torso and chest which resembled the measles.  These spots lasted for a few days. and hives came and went periodically.  For the next 4 days, she had a constant fever and was lethargic.  Fever was treated with alternating Tylenol and Motrin every there hours, but a fever of 102-103 always lingered. She went to the pediatrician to be seen and I was consulted numerous times over the phone with them as to what to do to help her.  By the third day the fever reached 104, by the fourth day in the afternoon, fever went up to 105.6 and my daughter was convulsing and was very uncomfortable.  An ambulance came and took her to the hospital where multiple tests were done to rule out anything else that may be causing this reaction.  It was concluded with my pediatricians and ER doctors that this was a reaction to the MMR vaccine.  Later that night my daughter's fever broke, she was sweating and felt warm to the touch and rectal temperature was 96.7.  I kept her warm all night with blankets so that her temperature would rise.  By the fifth day she was symptom free and started to recover after this agonizing and scary episode.
Hives on both arms - 5 hr. after vaccines given.
Hives developed 2-3 days following vaccination lasting several days. Steroids and antihistamine treatments.
Rash on R/L face, nare with swelling, couple breaths. H/O egg allergy. ZYRTEC/BENADRYL and allergy referred with EPI PEN Jr. Rx for use with anaphylaxis.
Patient was seen in ER. C/o pain in right arm. On 10-28-15 she didn't recognize her neighbor. Has prior history of leukemia Also c/o weakness and malaise.
Developed red swollen area to the back of her right arm (where she received the vaccine).  Over the next two days, became more swollen, larger area, more red, hot to touch, and she started running fever (subjective).  On 9/18/15, the back of her right arm from just below her shoulder down to her elbow was red, very swollen, hot to the touch and she was pale and clammy.  Referred her to her private physician.  She was treated with 10 days of oral Bactrim and doxycycline-diagnosis of cellulitis.
Injection site was red swollen and bumpy. Painful to the touch and itchy. As the week went on, the redness looked more like a rash and started to spread. After 4 days, it had spread to her neck and she was developing small spots up and down her arms. Finally by day 5 the rash was bright red and had spread all over her body. She is itchy and her skin is swollen, especially around her arms and face. Took her to urgent care on Sunday 11/01/15 and then followed up at her doctor on Monday 11/02/15. Doctor agreed that it was a sever reaction to the varicella vaccine.
On 10/24/15, patient developed fever and febrile seizure which lasted no more than two minutes. Was seen in ER on 10/24/15 and followed up in office on 10/25/15.
5 October 2015 12 months old female received her 1-year-old vaccines to include MMR, varicella, and PREVNAR 13. Patient did well until approximately 5 days later on 10 October 15m pt developed a rash. Mother provided photos which were consistent with erythema multiforme. Also ED physician note and dermatologist both whom visualized the lesions concur with EM. Rash resolved without treatment after 5 days.
That morning patient ran a very high temp of 103.7. After giving him a fever reducer his temp had spiked up again to 105. Patient had a seizure. He turned purple, was shaking and staring, and foaming at the mouth. He was rushed to the hospital by ambulance. The hospital checked his ears, ran a strep test, did an X-ray, took blood work, did a urine sample. The doctor told us everything came back fine. Patient continued to run a high fever up until Sunday. Then ran a low grade temp on Monday.  His temp was 104.4 Sunday morning at 4am. In his sleep he would wake up screaming and would act as if he wanted to roll or move but seemed as if he couldn't like his body just wouldn't move. He would not eat or drink anything. He was very lethargic at daycare on Monday Nov 2nd his teachers said he would sit and watch the other kids play. Mother did ask pediatrician Saturday Oct 31 at the follow up appt if his sickness could be related to the vaccines he received 10 days earlier. The doctor said it very well could be but she can't say and to keep an eye on him and that if he is still running a fever as of Tuesday Nov 3rd to bring him back in for more blood work.
Within 10 mins of receiving vaccines pt. presented with hives on face, extremities and trunk. Dr was notified. Epinephrine 1:1000, 0.12 ml subq administered, steroids prescribed.
Rash started 9/30/2015 on face and hands/feet.  Rash spread to all extremities and trunk and blisters developed within three days.  She was hospitalized for two days with diagnosis of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome where her large blisters were drained.  All blisters were healed within 4 weeks of onset.  Continues with faint red marks to this day.
C/O REDNESS AND SWELLING IN RIGHT ARM FROM SHOULDER TO ELBOW.  Area, upon inspection, was red, swollen, and warm to touch.
PATEINT REPORTED HAVING FEVER, RASH ON FACE, CHEST, AND ABDOMEN AREA. ITCHING, HEADACHE. AFTER THE SECOND DAY WITH THE SYMPTOMS, RECEIVE TREATMENT IN HOSPITAL, ZYRTEC 10 MG 1 TAB DAILY. SHE RECOVERED 3 DAYS LATER.
Fever 100.6. Swollen cheeks and neck. Decreased appetite.
This spontaneous report as received from a physician refers to a 12 month old female patient. The physician stated the patient had already received 2 doses of PREVNAR. On 12-MAY-2015, the patient was vaccinated with a dose of M-M-R II (dose, route and expiration date were not reported). Other suspect therapies included VAQTA lot# K019560 (dose, route and expiration date were not reported) and PREVNAR (dose, route, lot number and expiration date were not reported). There was no concomitant medication provided. On the same date after receiving the vaccines (during the same visit), the patient experienced a severe allergic reaction (hypersensitivity). The physician also reported that two hours after receiving these vaccines, the patient experienced an onset of lethargy, seemed to be gagging (retching), became pale (pallor) and limp (gait disturbance). The patient's parents took the child to an emergency department at an unspecified hospital, where the patient received BENADRYL and oxygen supplementation. The outcome of lethargy, gait disturbance, pallor, retching and hypersensitivity was reported as recovered on that same day (on 12-MAY-2015) and went home.  Relatedness between the therapy with the suspect therapies and the events was not reported. Additional information has been requested. Lot number L004012 is an invalid lot number for M-M-R II.
Upon completion of last injection (TWINRIX) patient stated he felt nauseated and he was about to faint. Patient began jerking upper extremities and then became limp. Skin pale and clammy. Last approx 20 sec.-1 min and regained stability. Approx 3 min later began jerking again as well as vomiting. Patient assisted to floor, turned on side. Shortly regained stability. EMT escorted to ED.
PATIENT VACCINED 9/22/15, SHE REPORTS HAVING FELT GENERAL MALAISE IN THE DAYS FOLLOWING VACCINATION LEADING UP TO THE DAY SHE STATES SHE AWOKE WITH A RASH AND UPSET STOMACH. ON THE DAY SHE WENT TO THE URGENT CARE CENTER (10/1/15) SHE REPORTS HAVING HAD NAUSEA AND VOMITING ALONG WITH ITCHY RED PAPULES and VESICLES ON HER UPPER BACK AND TORSO. SHE WAS DIAGNOSED WITH CHICKEN POX AND WAS PRESCRIBED ACYCLOVIR 800MG PO Q4 HOURS FOR TEN DAYS AND ZOFRAN 4MG ONE TAB PO PRN. PATIENT REPORTS SYMPTOMS SUBSIDED WITHIN A WEEKS TIME.
Right sided facial swelling, tongue swelling and difficulty talking.
Baby taken to Emergency room after temperature was 105. ER temp was 104.8. Heart beat was 250. After IV fluids and Tylenol, fever and pulse lowered to 102. Rash followed 4 days later after fever gone.
Fever, rash (all over body). Seizure.
Visit 11/13/15 arm redness and swelling 5 1/2 x 3. Thickened red area in center of larger swollen area. Warm and tender to touch. Client states swelling began day 1 after vaccination in right arm. She received Tdap and flu shot. Unaffected arm received (left arm) Hep A and MMR. 11/13 saw Dr at office, no Rx - sent client to an urgent care for MD f/u if nec. Diagram of erythema 8 1/2 -> 11/16 called pt, states getting a little better, size smaller.
Awoke with mild fever 2 days after vaccines given.  Awoke on 11/2 with rash on cheeks and trunk. To pediatrician who did not prescribe any treatment, only rest.
Rash which progressed to fussiness and hives.
Fatigue, pale stool, abdominal pain, loss of appetite.
Information has been received from a medical assistant referring to a 3 year old male patient. There were no pertinent medical history, drug reactions or allergies. On 16-NOV-2015, the patient received a delayed routine vaccination with one dose of M-M-R II (lot # L011528, expiration date 03-APR-2017, 0.5 ml, subcutaneous). There was no concomitant medication. Shortly after the vaccination on 16-NOV-2015, the patient developed an itchy tongue and two bug-bite like marks on his face. The patient was given TYLENOL and BENADRYL as treatment. Then shortly after administering the TYLENOL and BENADRYL, the patient developed swollen eyelids and was having difficulty breathing. He kept grunting like it was hard for him to breathe. EPIPEN was then used and the patient was taken to the hospital for further observation. The patient was not admitted to the hospital and was released at about 11:00 PM on that night. No lab diagnostics studies were performed. At the time of report, the patient's eyelids were still a little swollen but the other events were resolved (reported as otherwise he was good). The causality between the events and M-M-R II was unspecified. Upon internal review, the events were considered to be medically significant. Additional information has been requested.
Vomiting and fever on 11/15.  11/18 mouth hurting and sores in mouth.  11/19 rash all over. Saw MD.  Tested for strep.  R/O Hand/foot/mouth disease.  Not sure if a reaction to shots or not.
Wheezing.
(R) thigh - area of redness, warmth and tenderness measuring 10 x 8 cm.
Patient came to health dept on 11/12/15 and received MMR in right subcutaneous. MOC stated she wanted to only do one vaccine at a time. Child then seen at primary MD provider on 11/13/15 and received HBV, HAV, Dtap and IPV. The site of vaccination was not indicated on IZ record. Child began having symptoms on 11/15/15 of pain and swelling on upper left arm. On 11/16/16, child awoke with full hives/blisters. MOC took child to PCP, was prescribed Benadryl and Prednisone. MOC took child to ER to get second opinion. She stated she was told that it was a vaccine reaction, but MOC could not remember which vaccine they stated could have been the cause. Patient was prescribed Benadryl and Prednisone. Mother discontinued medication on 11/18/15 with the result that the rash recurred, looking like mosquito bites. Mother then began administering medication again. Child did not have a fever at any time during these events.
Received MMR vaccine (Merck lot #L007577) in left arm SQ on 11/6/15.  On 11/16/15 painful swelling of lymph nodes and sore red eyes, then on 11/18/15 rash on chest, neck and going up neck.
Morbilliform rash, fevers, fussiness, decreased oral intake.
10:45 AM on 11/4/15 - Patient had Grand Mal seizure activity for 2 minutes. Patient was postictal with confusion, lethargy, slurred and garbled speech until EMS arrived. Vitals 136/96, 108 pulse, Ox 100%, Blood sugar was 116 mg/dl.
Morbilliform rash at injection site.
Began with a fever, 101. Treated with Motrin, was very fussy and hot all night. Woke up on Thursday with a slight rash on her face, just small red dots. I figured it was a heat rash from the fever she'd had. The rash progressed through Thursday, into Friday where it worsened. Took her into our local hospitals pediatric unit, they said that it was a viral infection possibly from the vaccinations, possibly not. Its Saturday now and the symptoms seem to be getting worse, she is still very moody and has a bad facial rash, with small dots all over her body.
Fever severe rash that appeared like the measles and caused severe itching and discomfort. Doctor did not give any treatment.
Raise rashes scattered all over the body - given PRELONE 15mg/tsp 1/2 tsp BID x 5 days.
Information has been received from a Licensed practitioner nurse concerning to a 12 month old male patient with dermatitis. On 15-OCT-2015, the patient was vaccinated with dose 1 of MMR II (Lot No. K026366, exp. 15-DEC-2016), 0.5 ml, subcutaneous. Concomitant therapies included hydrocortisone (manufacturer unknown). On 30-OCT-2015, the patient developed a rash at the injection site. The patient sought medical attention and was seen at the office on 05-NOV-2015 but no treatment was given. No laboratory test were performed. No intervention to prevent serious criteria was made. No cancer, disability, hospitalization nor life threatening were reported. The outcome of injection site rash was not reported. Relationship between rash at the injection site and therapy with MMR II was not reported. Additional information has been requested.
Developed ITP platelet count 2. Admitted to hosp for IVIG. Received MMR 9/21/15. Developed fever same day with diarrhea lasted approximately 5 days. Then fever returned approximately 2 weeks after receiving MMR which persisted. Rash with few petechia developed and sent for blood.
Dec 5th - Hives (L) thigh. Both facial cheeks, took to urgent care-Loratadine, prednisone started at 830 pm. Dec 6th - hives on both arms and (R) leg, took to hospital was given BENADRYL and continue with other tx and BENADRYL as needed.
Employee recieved pre-employment vaccine on 12/4/15, reports symptoms began as soon as she woke up on 12/5/15 of severe vertigo, nausea, and headache.
Pt had vaccines and acted fine, stable, walked out of clinic. Mom denied fever stating, he ate dinner and slept fine last night. Mom said next day he was crying, held his breath, passed out and then had a seizure for 30 sec. Mother states he vomited on way to clinic. was placed on O2 and monitored. Mom states pt had a cold prior to vaccines w/croupy cough.
Fever at 17:00 of 100.6.  Seizure lasting up to 5 minutes at 17:30.  Generalized tonic-clonic seizure.
Hives and red rash surrounding injection sites and torso, followed by difficulty breathing.
Swelling, pain, redness at injection site, vomiting, malaise.
Chicken pox-vesicular rash (itchy), decreased intake. Had vaccine on 12/9/15.
Pt received DTaP (R) arm Varicella (R) arm on 12/1 then 12/4 pt developed large bullae, required PO clindamycin, BENADRYL. That resolved but then on 12/10 developed similar red/warm region on (L) thigh (no vaccine given there) and 12/13 bullae also formed so admitted to hospital.
Reddened area to most of right thigh. Had fever over weekend, was seen in the ER. Given instructions to apply ice and rotate Ibuprofen and TYLENOL for fever.
Mother states the patient was vaccinated on Dec-7-2015 at 8:34 AM with KINRIX Rt arm. MMR in the left arm, Varicella Left arm. Today, Dec-8-2015 presents with redness, swelling on Rt arm.
Scattered popular-vesicular eruptions on face, upper extremities. Faded appearing papules on lower extremities; Solitary erythematous popular lesion on left palm.
Evening of 12/5 he felt hot with chills, rhinorrhea and cough.  On 12/6/2015 he had an episode of acute SOB/chest tightness/cough with O2 sat 77%.  Complete recovery in ED with SABA treatment and steroid.  No history of asthma.
Patient's father called at 1:15pm asking to speak to a nurse. Reports his daughter received vaccines yesterday and now is unable to move her leg. He reports she is in pain and is unable to walk. No additional s/s reported. Nurse informs parent to take  patient to the emergency room immediately.
Acute jaundice and signs of acute liver failure. Now listed for liver transplant.
Cold Symptoms that lead to Roseola.
Pt reported fever required admission to hospital for two days.
Client broke out in head to toe rash with raised bumps. Was diagnosed with measles 12-12-15.
Swollen lymph nodes, rash in face, neck, back and stomach. Malaise body ache, ears ringing, swollen face, arms, and hands with fever Tylenol for pain, Benadryl for rash and steroids for inflammation.
Generalized rash and itching.
Mother bought pt to office for a rash that was present over entire body including face and neck. No fever or other symptoms reported. PCP confirmed that rash was consist ant with post-vaccination reaction to one of the live-virus vaccines (MMR/Varicella).
Was tired about a week after shot.  I assumed this was either standard reaction to shot or allergies.  However, symptoms just kept worsening. Eyes became itchy and red on 4/16/15; red patch of skin running down from both eyes (width of eyes) with small bumps within the patches.  Called allergist and he prescribed eye drops by phone.  The following week, his teacher told me that he was trying to be attentive in class but that as she was watching him his eyes would roll to the back of his head.  Listless and lethargy continued.  Told his friends he couldn't play until he was better.  Never cries and loves school and was crying before school b/c he was tired, after school b/c he didn't want to do homework (has only ever complained of homework twice), and cried before bed b/c he was so tired.  Took to Dr. on May 7th and his liver was enlarged and IgE was 3 times normal levels.  We have run from doctor to doctor since trying to figure out what is wrong as he still has abdominal pain.  We have eliminated foods that he has become sensitive to since shot was administered.  These are certainly dairy and gluten and we are still testing a list of other foods.
102.3 Fever (lasted 2 days). 1/1/2016 Rash on trunk and face.
Slight tickle in the back of the throat, escaladed to a cough/cold. Treated with vitamin C and Mucinex DM. Six weeks later and still hasn't gotten better. Saw my PCP on 12/31/15 at 9am. No other treatments were given than what I've already been doing.
Fever x 3 days last week. Rash started yesterday fine/pink generalized rash on trunk possible roseola infantum.
Fatigue, weakness, nausea, dry heaves, sore neck, myalgias.
12/22 - Received MMR vaccine. 8 days later developed fever to 104 F. On 12/31/2015, had complex febrile seizure.
Start of fever of 102 on 11/20/15, shaky movements in arms started on 11/22/15 and mother noticed he was having difficulty walking (looked drunk), was fully alert, worse when he would wake up from sleeping, would get better as day progressed, fever continued Mon-Thurs, decreased appetite. Parents noticed hands were shaking with feeding himself.  Went to ER 11/28/15, CT brain negative, dx with probable acute cerebellar ataxia.
Hives at site of MMR vaccine and on back 5 minutes after vaccine given.
Seizure like activity, lasted one and half minutes.
Per health department, symptoms include: rash, muscle spasms (mostly in torso), cannot lie flat due to facial and neck swelling, trouble breathing, facial migraine, low physical exertion tolerance, increased heart rate, nausea, lightheaded, intolerance to heat.
Anaphylaxis.
Numbness in left hand and arm in C4-5-6 distribution with muscle fasciculations followed by temperature changes on right side of body, ataxia, and lower extremity weakness.  Intermittent severe left-sided muscle cramping.
Multiple seizures (complex febrile seizure, status epilepticus). Required 4 doses of Ativan and 1 dose of fosphenytoin to stop the longest seizure (> 20 min).
Rash noticed on right leg (1/28/16) - three clusters of papulovesicular lesions in a dermatomal distribution on her right lower leg consistent with shingles.
Severe rash started from the area near the vaccinated site then spread all over the body. The child is still suffering from severe and daily life interesting rash all over the body from head to toe as of today (2/5/2015).
My daughter developed a high fever that I couldn't reduce for about 5 to 6 days.  She maintained a 103 to 104 to 105 temperature.
Received varicella vaccine on 11/3/15, presented with rash on 11/23/15. VZV DFA positive for VZV. Treated with valacyclovir, resolved. Prior to this, he was removed from all immunosuppression for a full years time, and CD4 count was >1000 prior to vaccination with live vaccine.
Pt evaluated in clinic on 12/7/15 for rash. Petechiae had been present and increasing for 3 days. He was found to have platelets of 20,000 and was referred to Hemo/Onc for further evaluation and management. He has been followed by hematology and diagnosed with ITP. His platelet counts are slowly improving but not fully recovered.
01/27/2015 9:30am 0.5 mL MMR Lot # k003806 vaccination administered in Upper Left Leg using 25G x 5/8 Jelco Hypodermic Needle. Grandmother 30 year veteran nurse present as patient's guardian on that day has administered many shots in her career. Stated shock at witnessing how the shot was administered 'very roughly'. Patient experienced immediate extreme leg pain at the point where the shot was administered. Doctor was phoned within a few days to request advice regards pain. Doctor stated pain was normal and would subside in few days to weeks. Leg pain continued at the area of the shot without resolution. Patient taken to see Doctor one month to six weeks later, extreme pain still present causing patient immobility. Dr. prescribed therapy. Therapy course completed, minimal to no improvement. Through the duration of aprox one year pain continues to arise particularly after moderate activity, patient is unable to walk or even stand due to extreme pain starting at the point of the shot and radiating through her leg. Doctor Visit Jan 19th, 2015 discussed continuing pain from vaccination. Was advised to file VAERS report. In contradiction to the clear onset of symptoms tracing their direct roots to the moment of administration of vaccination the Doctor advised to follow a course of testing to determine if some underlying systemic pre-existing condition existed that never manifested itself previously even though patient had multiple previous vaccinations and other normal childhood injuries that never resulted in any long term symptoms such as she has experienced directly upon adminstration of the MMR vaccination. To explore another route beside the highly unlikely idea of a possible pre-existing condition diagnosis Doctor consulted a Rheumatologist who advised an X-ray be taken to examine the possibility of injury due to trauma from the injection. X-ray results for Myositis ossificans were negative. As of the day of this report patient continues to experience debilitating leg pain on a regular basis causing her to have to refrain from anything more than minimum physical activities. She is unable to make it through a day of normal childhood activities, nor participate in sports, nor even bike a few blocks to school without experiencing pain at the spot of the vaccination that makes her have to stop all activity for at least a day before she can walk again.
This spontaneous report was received from nurse via field representative, refers to an anonymous twin 15 months old boys. Medical history, concurrent conditions and concomitant medications were unspecified. On 15-FEB-2015, the twin boys were vaccinated with M-M-R II, 0.5 ml, single injection, subcutaneously. On 24-FEB-2015, one of the twin boys was seen by the infectious disease pediatrician, for an unspecified reason. The pediatrician diagnosed the child with measles. No treatment was given for the adverse event. The outcome of the event was unknown. Causality assessment was not provided. Therapy with M-M-R II was not reintroduced. No product quality complaint (PQC) was involved. No further information provided regarding the adverse effect. Additional information has been requested.
She had been in her crib sleeping. Heard a cry from her room around 9 am. Entered her room to find her on her stomach in the crib, wide eyed, convulsing, blue in the face and gasping for air. Removed her from crib and convulsions ceased, still unresponsive, tight muscles, turned darker shade in the face and was still gasping. Shortly after went completely limp, no sign of life. Performed CPR and was able to get her breathing again. Went to the ER where blood tests and CT scan came back clear. Was told she had suffered a Grand Mal seizure. EEG several days later came back normal. Started noticing Myoclonics. Had another Grand Mal April 6 around noon, lasted around a minute. Had 2 more Grand Mals April 7. First around 10 seconds at 5am and the second lasted over 2 min around 6 pm. Drastic increase in Myoclonics after the Grand Mals. Was diagnosed as Epileptic and has since started anti convulsion medication. Myoclonics and possible absence seizures are still recurring.